 
 These are very versatile gloves for someone who isn't boxing every day.<br/><br/>They're simple to put on, and they have this flexibility that allows wraps to fit well.<br/><br/>They're a very showy blue color and have an easy to use elastic band around the wrist.<br/><br/>I'm not sure how long they'll last because you always get what you pay for, but if you're boxing once or twice a week for a workout, it's a good glove.
 Bought my original pair back in June 2013 and just partially replaced them with a different pair in May 2017. They have only been replaced as my go to training gloves by a pair of Venum gloves I received as a gift, the Venum ones are just more aesthetically pleasing to me..That being said, these Everlast ones are outstanding for the money! Over the four years I've owned my pair, I've put in countless hours hitting mitts, heavy bags, and even sparring. I'm no heavyweight, but certainly considered a power puncher for the 145lbs kickboxing division, and these have held up great. The padding to them is noticeably "broken in" but they still provide adequate protection even on the heavy bag. I've noticed plenty of teammates at my gym also using Everlast gloves, and haven't heard many complaints about them. Some people complain about anything that's not considered "top of the line" with a high price tag attached(brand elitism). I've also picked up several pairs recently as community gloves for some beginner kickboxing classes I've begun teaching on my own, because I know I'll get my money's worth. My personal pair still remain in my gym bag and get used, they're just not my main pair anymore, but not due to these gloves being anything but great for training at a great value.
 A while back we had a pair of Everlast gloves that were nearly identical to this one and were pretty happy with them. We decided to switch brands only because of cost/ratings, and were very mistaken to do so. We ended up hating them, they fell apart, and the velcro to get them on / off was MUCH larger, but didn't really hold any tighter than the Everlast ones.<br/><br/>We learned from our mistakes and returned back for this round (get it? round? boxing?). These are holding up pretty well two months in, however I will like to point out that the stitching, especially where the white area near the palm of the hand is located, is very sloppy. The velcro and padding are holding strong, however. While the stitching is sloppy, there has not been any stitch failures, so that is a positive.<br/><br/>We've purchased the red and the black ones and both are great in terms of function, comfort, weight, and size. We'll definitely be buying these again, and staying the heck away from the "venom" brand at all costs!<br/><br/>As a pro-tip - we purchased these and push them into the finger area as much as possible, then wrap the connection portion through the opening near the anterior wrist holes, then close the velcro. These extend the life of non-smelling gloves considerably. A secondary step is to place the gloves on a warm HVAC vent in the winter when the gloves are wet. The combo dries them out nicely. The cologne and fresh linen smells are good.<br/> The cheap deodorizers are one of those "you get what you paid for" type situations. I'm not saying this is the best brand, just what we've used more than once and have been happy with them. <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Meister-Glove-Deodorizers-for-Boxing-and-All-Sports-Absorbs-Stink-and-Leaves-Gloves-Fresh-Cologne/dp/B01BVW3LZG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Meister Glove Deodorizers for Boxing and All Sports - Absorbs Stink and Leaves Gloves Fresh - Cologne</a>
 I got these gloves as a way to mix up my workout by allowing me to hit the heavy bag. My advice to anyone just starting out like I was, GET HAND WRAPS. I used these on a heavy bag at a gym by without wraps and while I felt fine initially, I felt it the day after. My wrists were sore and I'd say I was probably going about 60% of my capability. My friend who also got a pair ended up having chafed knuckles and sore wrists, he was probably going about 80% - 85% I personally bought these <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Everlast-EverGel-Hand-Wraps-Yellow-Medium/dp/B000E5RBNK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Everlast EverGel Hand Wraps (Yellow, Medium)</a> and definitely feel the difference. I felt much more comfortable going 100%.<br/><br/>With that being said, these gloves are great. A lot of other reviews claim there is a smell when you first get them, I didn't have this problem. There was no smell whatsoever actually. Even after I've worked out the heavy bag in them a couple times, I don't notice a smell when I'm done with them. There's a fair amount of cushion between your knuckle and the bag so while you can go at the bag, I wouldn't go full throttle at it (as I previously said). I felt a little bit of wrist support but I assumed they wanted you to buy hand wraps too. They look pretty well made and I haven't had any problems with them so far. I'd definitely buy them again if I needed another pair of gloves.
 Straight out of the packaging, these gloves STANK. It's a crazy strong chemical smell that likes to stick around for MONTHS (kind of like that friend you wished would stop sleeping on your couch)  Even the closet where they were stored took on the same gagging essence of TOXIC SPILL. And even more concerning was the WARNING right on the packaging  "This product contains a chemical known to the state of California to cause birth defects or other reproductive harm" Yeah.. So there's that. But, the velcro lasted roughly 4-6 months with heavy bag training (by a 6'2, 180lb dude) and while they're ok for the price, they just smelled too much like cancer waiting to happen, to ever buy again. o.O
 Better than the store bought gloves. Good protection and keeps my wrist protected. I have small hands and they worked fine. My only complaint is that I tried to order 12 oz. gloves and they would have charged me to return the 14 oz. that I ordered by mistake. So pay attention to the weight of the gloves when ordering. I kept the 14 oz. and so far they are okay.
 These aren't terrible gloves, but even for a general user these will eventually fail you. The wrist is much too large and leaves a lot of spare room to accidentally bend your wrist, even if you're a skilled puncher. The wrist strap is only along the bottom of your wrist, so it will never tighten as much as a glove that goes all the way around your wrist which can also lead to accidental wrist bends. I've used 16 oz gloves for the past 5 years but these were the first ones that felt 'too big' and were the first pair of Everlast I had bought.<br/><br/>The padding is good, they're quick and easy to get on and off, they did last for at least a year before they started to let me down (and honestly that's probably longer than you'd want to keep a pair a gloves with daily use). Once the wrist strap started to go I would have the velcro come undone in just one round of bag work and that's a dangerous way to train.
 Bought these for light use at boxing and kickboxing classes. So far so good. Will update my review over time on the wear and tear, if any. I took off a star because of the chemically-smell that I'm not quite sure will ever go away. Kind of smells like gasoline/rubber. This is my first pair of boxing gloves so I'm not sure if that is normal for pleather gloves. Protects my knuckles and wrists otherwise. I use these with the Everlast gel hand wraps.<br/><br/>Update 2/13/16: I finally got rid of these gloves. The smell never went away, and made my wraps and other workout gear as well as my gym bag smell. The smell never came off my other stuff even after lots of washing. The seam near the right thumb started to come undone but I could no longer deal with the chemical smell. Otherwise, I thought they were great for my kickboxing classes. On a side note, my husband purchased the blue pair of this same glove and they don't smell. Hope this helps!
 is tarted kickboxing a year and a half ago. after 8 months of MMA gloves use i switched to these boxing gloves. initially i was very happy with the product but after few months of use the strap of the right gloves give on opening every 2-3 punches until its not possible to train with them. so its a good purchase for someone who may not train more than 1-2 a week but even than it will not last more than 6 months. maybe my expectations are high from it but i believe that boxing gloves should server for few years not few months.
 All I can say is the quality of Everlast gloves have gone down over the years. I was just getting back into a boxing workout for the first time in two years. The last pair of lower priced Everlast gloves I had lasted me 5-6 months, I was still using them when I started back up, but the padding wasn't doing the job anymore...&lt;and they were really starting to stink&gt; So I bought these hoping to get the same quality I had when I bought the last pair 2 years ago.<br/><br/>I am a guy with a large frame and large hands, so I ordered the 16 oz gloves. The first think I noticed the elastic wrist closures never felt secure, but I had promptly thrown out my old gloves and was committed to working out, so I went with these. I gave them about 6 weeks before giving up. The wrist support isn't here at all, and I ended up with a sprain after hitting the heavy bags hard one day. Not to mention the knuckle padding didn't seem to be enough for me. The $20 price tag seemed like a good idea to me, but I've learned my lesson.<br/><br/>I'd say these gloves could be suitable for mitt work, double end bag, and shadow boxing. If you're gonna be doing any sparring or heavy bag work, these are not the all around gloves your looking for. Spend some more money and save yourself some pain.
 I waited a few months to post to make sure they didn't disintegrate on my hands. So far, they've held up really well to some tough sessions. Of course, I'm a small female, so my max punching power is probably 50% of most reasonably fit/trained boxers - so take this review with a grain of salt and don't blame me if you punch through these in a month!<br/><br/>Anyway, they're great training gloves. Not too heavy, but weighty enough to get a great workout in and fatigue your arms. Aside from a loose thread here or there that was easily snipped off and doesn't impact the structural integrity of the gloves, they show no wear and tear.
 Update July 31, 2014<br/>30 days later and the seams are coming apart.  The hook and loop cuff that you use to secure the glove to your wrist detached itself from the elastic band.  Various seems seem to be breaking free elsewhere on the glove but none as notable as the cuff.  Highly irritating, but you get what you pay for.  These are cheaply made gloves that are perfect if you don't intend to use them heavily or often.  If that doesn't fit your expected need, keep looking because these aren't the gloves you're looking for.  Rating revised to 2/5 from 5/5.<br/><br/>Original review July 1, 2014<br/>The right size is everything.  I was using too small of a glove on the heavy bag and was experiencing rather irritating hand, wrist and elbow pain.  Went to the local sporting goods store and tried on some different gloves to see how they felt and found that this size felt much better on my hand.  Ordered via Amazon and noticed an immediate difference after one session on the bag.  These are great gloves at a great price and I look forward trying to wearing them out!  Original rating 5/5
 I am 6'2" 180 pounds and new to boxing on a regular basis.  These 16 ounce gloves are very cheaply made and do not offer much hand or wrist protection. If you are a smaller person or a small women these gloves are fine for aerobics or light boxing. If you are a stronger person who hits a heavy bag you will feel that your hands and wrists are exposed to potential injury. Not to mention the flimsy thumbs.  Do not be cheap with buying boxing gloves because it will cost you down the road. After using these a few times I bought a pair of title gels for over a hundred bucks and you can clearly see and feel the difference. Do not buy these gloves.
 I'm not a boxer at all.  I bought these and another small pair for my son and I to play around.  These seem to be a really good product.  Fit was perfect for me.  I have medium to large size hands.  I am 6'4" if that helps.  The wrist closure are great and keep the gloves on tight.  They hurt though if you get hit in the face.  I got the 16 oz for a little more cushion when my son and I box.  He loves it.  There is a chemical smell as others pointed out.  I don't think it is as horrible as some of them say it is, but it is noticeable on these gloves and is still there (1 mos).  I don't thinkn it is that big of deal considering shows, clothes, etc all have smells to them when they are new.  We also really like the mesh along the inside of the gloves.  Keeps the hands much cooler.  I would buy again and would definitely recommend them to others.
 Fit well and are a great product, but it has this smell to them. Like an industrial petroleum gasoline smell that was so strong it made my closet smell like a gas station. Eventually (and I mean a long eventually) the smell went away. It's still a good product, but I recommend trying to wash them by hand or by themselves in the washer a few times to get the stench out.<br/><br/>Other than that, the padding is durable. Very functional for my boxing classes.
 I'm 26, 5'3 and train in MMA.  I purchased the 14oz because 16oz can be overwhelming at times.  The 14oz allows me to box longer and feel more contact when striking.<br/><br/>My favorite feature, the mesh on the inner palm.  Holy cow can gloves get gross and stinky but I have high hopes for these!!!<br/><br/>Decent wrist support, I always wear wraps under in addition. Haven't used them too much on the heavy bag yet, just used for striking drills.<br/><br/>Currently I am not training as hard as I have in the past, trained for 2yrs 5 days a week for 2-3hrs each session.  I've taken the past two years off to recover from an accident and slowly working my way back into training.  We never used gloves in the past but I am in a different place now and as my first personal pair I am content.
 I bought these to rotate in so I could give my other gloves more time to dry out.  I really just wanted a serviceable pair of bag gloves for some light sessions.  I wish I would have spent the extra few dollars and bought a better pair because these leave a lot to be desired.<br/>First thing you'll notice when these arrive is they smell awful.  They will stink up the whole room with a pungent plastic aroma that will linger for weeks.<br/>In terms of actual use, these gloves are strangely shaped.  The thumb-lok is essentially a little strap that connect the tip of the thumb to the rest of the glove.  I found this kept my thumb in a really weird position.  Also this "feature" made trying to hook and unhook the gloves difficult because you can't lobster claw the strap with anything.  Speaking of the hook strap, it is elastic.  Good luck trying to get the second glove attached securely.  As far as the padding goes, it doesn't really offer much.<br/>If you've read this far I'll leave you with a positive, the everfresh mesh on the palms seems to work well.
 Decent quality glove for a newbie. I ordered these to try out boxing and turns out I love it. the gloves are great without having to spend a lot.
 These gloves are awesome! The only reason they did not get 5 stars is because they have this incredibly strong chemical odor coming off of them. It smells like a mix between plastic and... chemicals.. not sure how else to describe it. I put them in my gym bag and the smell transferred to all my work out gear. Also tried to air them out on my porch but after 4 weeks of use they still have the smell. To this day I just leave them in the trunk of my car outside of my gym bag and only take them out  for use.  The smell is less potent now, but it's still strongly present. Not sure what to do about it. Other than that, the function of the gloves are 100% on par. I use them for kick boxing and Maui Tai. I recommend the 12 oz gloves for females.
 Bought these to replace my old gloves for kickboxing classes. They only have a new glove smell at first. Let them sit out over night with drier sheets in them. Good to go. Mountain breeze freshness. I do the same after use as well. Wear wraps.
 I've been training in boxing since 2006, so my tolerance for bad smells - moldy showers, summer sour sweat, no air conditioning, unclean pads, and used equipment - is pretty high.<br/><br/>These gloves stink like nothing I've ever encountered in any boxing gym. I returned them immediately. They smelled like a combination of bad plastic, overpowering gasoline and something toxic I don't have a name for. I had them in a box during a Christmas party, and someone halfway across the room said, "What is that smell?" It was that bad.<br/><br/>WARNING: Do NOT buy these gloves!
 The gloves work pretty well however they did start to feel really loose and the leather has begun to peel off. Overall they work and they still work even with the peeling. The overall design is great and it is pretty stiff and sturdy. The inside padding makes it so that you do not have to worry about hurting yourself during training.
 I just started a kickboxing class at my gym and needed an inexpensive but decent pair of training gloves to use.  They are OK for my purposes, I am a 58 year old male, but do work out with weights and have been told I have a rather hard punch.  So sometimes after working on the bag for a while my knuckles and fingers are a little sore.  The wrist supports are not very good, but again I do work out with weights and have not had any soreness of my wrists after a workout,  However, I have friends with the same or similar gloves who have complained about sore wrist after a workout.
 These gloves are wonderful! But the shipping process was somewhat odd.  When I viewed the tracking info, there was as UPS-style tracking number but it said that USPS was delivering.  This was confusing and misleading, but UPS said that they handed it over to the post office.  Never heard of an occurrence like that before, but let's talk about the product.  They're brand new and have a wonderful brand new smell to them, the packaging was completely professional and it came with a netted zip up bag that can be easily hung up in a locker or a closet.  At the time of order the 16oz. gloves were the only ones available, so they're kind of big but they fit my hands very well and very comfortably.  I'm in the light-heavy/heavyweight class, but these gloves will fit any weight class.  Not including children and really small people.  These gloves would be good for practice, sparring, hitting the heavy bag or even for professional fights.  Did I mention how well these gloves fit? They are made for almost any hand size unless you're a giant. I love these gloves already and they're MUCH better than my old 12oz. Everlast gloves because I can put them on by myself and not have to worry about wrapping my wrists for a snug fit.  You really feel like a champion with these on.<br/><br/>I wish I could wear these gloves all day.  I have a bad wrist from a bike accident that occurred earlier this year, but the padded Velcro wrist strap is so comfortable it's like the minor aches and odd feeling just goes away.  The item looks just as it does in the photo, and I can say that these gloves are money well spent.  Now all I need is a reliable sparring partner, hand wraps, mouth guard and some headgear.  Wonderfully designed quality product, highly recommended and a big thank you to Everlast.  This is the gear that a countless number of champions use! 5/5.
 Amateur boxer (i Just hit the Bag for exercise lol)<br/>I workout really hard, my workout moto is "kys"<br/>I have really put these through the paces<br/>Probably around 100 workouts with these, hitting a heavy bag.<br/>I'm a big guy and i hit hard, great product
 Have been using these a few weeks now for heavy bag work and everything else - push ups, wall punching, mountain climbers, etc, and they've held up fine and still look and smell new.<br/><br/>4/18/2015 update:<br/>After 2.5 years of heavy use (heavy bag and sparring), I can say with absolute certainty that these gloves will hold up and last. Mine are well used, but not broken; however, I would suggest getting the ones that are a step up: Everlast Elite Pro Training gloves with Evershield wrist guards.<br/><br/>Most of the time, after going at it with the heavy bags, I'd have instances where I'd hyper extend my wrist. It happens. It wears on you, and you end up having shorter training periods or healing time. However, the Evershield padded gloves prevent hyper extension, and they're only a few dollars more @ $33 at your local sports authority.<br/><br/>Unfortunately, Amazon doesn't seem to carry any of these much better everlast gloves - you'll have to go to sports authority to find them.
 Gloves are nice I got the 16 oz pair for training. Everyone is over exaggerating about the smell, they barely smell. I only notice it when I put my nose on the glove and smell it. My hands smell a little rubbery after wearing them but I get that with most gloves. They feel good on the hand and the padding is good quality, gloves are well made and great for the price. I could see some seems ripping after a long time of heavy abuse and by then i'd be buying a new pair of gloves anyways. Only thing that set me off when I got them was the slot you put your fingers in at the tip was folded and I thought the gloves were defective at first because I couldnt fit my fingers in. I looked in the glove and noticed the fold, unfolded it and it fits great and I have pretty big hands, i'm 6'3. Look up your recommended glove size for your weight and height. Smaller people should get the 14 oz gloves. Love these gloves awesome buy!
 It's an okay glove for beginners, these gloves only lasted me for about a year.<br/>If you want decent better gloves then you should do more research.<br/>Right now I am using Fairtex gloves and they are about $70.<br/><br/>*I train Muay Thai for 2 years 5 days a week.
 I bought these gloves to use in my MMA-style kickboxing class. They smell worse than anything in my gym bag, and that's saying something. I'm actually hoping the stink of my sweaty t-shirts and socks soaks into these gloves a little bit to offset the smell of recycled Chinese plastic. My only other comment is that they could use a little tab or pull or something on the Velcro wrist flaps; once you have one glove on it's nigh impossible to grip the edge of the wrist flap to secure the other glove. I'm going to have to sew one on myself to make these more functional.
 I use these gloves for heavy bag work, and I love them. They fit well, with inner gloves used. They wear well, and are comfortable. They come in a nice mesh container to keep them after use - they are able to dry out and don't get gross from sweat. I certainly recommend them, and will likely buy another pair when the time comes. There are many on the market, but I'm glad I chose this pair.
 I got these for training with my new heavy bag.  These gloves were a perfect fit over my "Everlast EverGel Hand Wraps (Yellow, Medium)" and provide great comfort when hitting the heavy bag.  They are very well made and seem to be super high quality.  The Velcro strap holds nicely and are easy to grip with the other glove so you can put the other hand on.  They are well cushioned and are great for either the heavy bag or for sparring with another person.  They have a mesh opening on the bottom so you can get some air in the gloves to help with the sweat.  They have a good area in the hand for the thumb and other fingers to easily get in the right position for boxing.<br/><br/>I got the 16 oz since I am 170 pounds and 5' 10" and that was the recommended size for me.  These are a great fit and are super high quality!  I highly recommend these for an all purpose glove!!  Very happy!!
 Got these gloves for my teen son and hung a heavy bag in the garage so he can take out his teen angst on something inanimate. Quality is great, very good wrist support, and after lots of hitting the gloves still look brand new.
 This is only good for light work, if you're shadow boxing, or self teaching.<br/><br/>Do NOT use these if you're more advanced, if you're going to take boxing classes and hitting the bag relatively hard.<br/><br/>I bought these and after a few minutes, my knuckles started to hurt because these gloves do not provide adequate protection.<br/><br/>Get something with more padding to PROTECT YOUR FISTS.<br/><br/>In hindsight, I wouldn't have bought these specific gloves.
 I bought these gloves in July 2015 for Muay Thai and they started falling apart (velcro coming apart at the seams from the elastic at the wrists) this week, less than 9 months later. When they were new, they had a very strong petroleum-like smell that never really went away, and they were very "boxy,' not at all form-fitting to my hands. As the gloves are falling apart, I had hoped to return them or exchange for gloves that would hold up better, but the site says they are no longer eligible for return or exchange.<a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Everlast-Pro-Style-Boxing-Training-Gloves-Red-8-oz/dp/B01ATGJOU6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Everlast Pro Style Boxing Training Gloves Red, 8 oz</a>
 As described. Product appears to be of quality value when compared to similar products available. Would purchase again when I run through these. Just use them on he heavybag at the gym, and great for basic gloves. Nothing fancy.
 These gloves have held up nicely since receiving them several months ago.  I decided to go with real gloves as opposed to heavy bag gloves because I wanted to become accustomed to the weight of these gloves to better prepare myself.  The extra weight has helped to build up arm strength as well as speed and so I have been much more competitive than I was in the past.<br/><br/>The one issue I have encountered that I thought might happen is that they become a little damaged by hitting a heavy bag as much as I do.  The padding is protected and so is my hand but I can tell the gloves are starting to get worn.  I do understand that this happens because the leather is constantly hitting and rubbing against the heavy bag but it would be nice if they lasted a little longer.  Also, because the leather has hardened a bit, I cannot use these as sparring gloves because they would be considered weapons.<br/><br/>Overall, I would definitely buy this product again as I enjoy the quality and how they look but I will probably have to purchase new gloves every 5-6 months.  If they last a few months longer then I would give this a 5/5.
 Inexpensive. Would not recommend for sparring or bag work since they don't hold up well. I had to re-sew the velcro strap because it ripped straight off the stretchy material used to secure the glove to your wrist. If you're serious about training, bag work, or sparring, buy a decent pair.
 I am very impressed with the quality of these training gloves. They are primarily used for hitting a heavy bag several times a week. They are comfortable and feel well made. Only time will tell but so far in very happy with these.
 Love, love, love! Excellent price. I'm a female. 5'9" and these gloves fit perfectly. I love using them during my boxing conditioning class. 16 oz are heavy at 1st, but you'll get use to them in no time. I box once weekly and by the 2nd week they weren't too heavy for me, but they helped me to gain strength in my arms.
 First, I would like Everlast to take "pro" from this particular boxing pair's name; it is simply not professional at all and would barely last for average boxing fans. Also, Everlast should indeed change its name into "neverlast", as others mentioned this.<br/><br/>Quality of the product:<br/><br/>The product is quite low in terms of quality, even for a 25$ item. The finishing of leather stitches is really--they came off after few punches on the first day of using them. The leather feels cheap and stinks, contrary to the BS that is written on the package, which is "everfresh". Also, the padding is kinda hard and not well distributed; this thing barely feels like a 16oz boxing glove. Overall, the materials are of a low quality.<br/><br/>Design and usage in boxing:<br/><br/>The glove has a weird design: it feels too long and it is really curved in the area of the knuckles. The previous design hinders the ability to land flush punches on the knuckles, and it is difficult to grip it properly from the inside. Also, the straps are short and difficult to manipulate, which makes it harder for the user to wear the gloves on his/her own.<br/><br/>In a summary, the glove is quite cheap and doesn't fit for long term usage, and definitely not for average users; more like putting it for beginners or guests. I wouldn't recommend this to anybody--simply invest in something 15$ more expensive.<br/><br/>And seriously, this thing stinks, as if someone intentionally made some synthetic compound that really stinks.
 These were so incredibly smelly, I had to return them.  I tried airing them out, but it was no help. I even wore surgical gloves inside them to see if my hands would smell like plastic.  My hands didn 't smell like plastic, but the air around me did.<br/><br/>I suppose they are cute for a costume if you are going to be wearing them for a short while
 These were EXCELLENT Boxing Gloves, I put them on and I felt like a boxer, after a few workouts, I knew these were just downright AWESOME!! So if you're looking for a good pair of boxing gloves, THESE SHOULD BE YOUR FIRST VIEW!!
 I'm new at boxing, and thought these were the best bang for my buck, but when I wore them to the boxing gym, my instructor said Everlast was one of the cheapest quality brands. He said, the synthetic fabric on the gloves starts to peel off after a few months of use, and that they will probably only last a few months. I wanted to exchange them for a different brand, but had to pay a shipping fee, which made it not worth it. So, I'm going to keep them until they are damaged. Not bad for a little bit of use, but may not be best if you want to take up boxing long-term.
 For background, I'm a 5'3" lady. I box 2x a week for the past 2 years. Currently i have pro force 16oz gloves, but they are starting to fall apart.<br/><br/>These everlast 16oz gloves come up almost to my elbows. They are way too big, clownish really. They smell awful too but the size is why they will be returned.<br/><br/>Will be going back to pro force. I'm not sure if these are really meant for men or something, but the size is ridiculous.
 Not the best quality glove but that comes with the price tag.  Havent noticed too much damage after 6 months of use 3 days a week, but some areas are cracking a bit.  Not too much ventilation but gets the job done, sometimes support is a little weak.  I bought these because I was in a beginner class so I just needed something to hold me over.  I would recommend these for those taking a boxing class for exercise or hitting the bag at the gym.  Actually learning to box tho, spend the extra 60 bucks or so and get a good pair. I gave three stars because of quality, theres a smell that comes with them thats like new plastic or rubber smell, lasts a while. I am 5'8" and my hands fit nicely inside so it should fit a good variety of hands.
 Glove of choice for my son and his gym by history. My son uses several different boxing gloves for his workouts and these are among the top 3 brands he relies on when getting in the ring.
 I use these gloves around three times a week at a boxing club practice and works for just that. It can take serious damage, but don't expect to get great protection of your carpal tunnel, wrist, and palm region. For that, you will need to invest in better quality. However, if you simply just practice for exercise instead of competitive fighting or this is the first time you're putting on boxing gloves to practice boxing for the first time, then buy them! I am sure glad I bought them. They did rip once from the elastic part and I had to go to my local dry cleaner so they can sow that for me. They did a great job at returning the glove the same way I bought it and have not had another problem since then.
 Once I added a pair of hand wraps, these gloves fit well. Before the wraps, they were too large and I could move my hands around too much. I'm a woman with average/medium size hands. Would not recommend for children or any woman younger than 20 with smaller hands. I like the mesh venting, too!
 Great gloves my 6th pair of these Everlast Pro Style Training Gloves and I enjoy sparing to music with them for exercise. As well as how my muscles look from using them. Thank you
 My mother purchased these gloves to replace some old very quality ones so she could start learning boxing basics. I tested them out myself and they're great starter gloves. They fit well and my hand felt very supported, plus I love the elastic closure. Paired with hand wraps I feel like these give great support all around and are perfect for bag drills and partner drills. I would highly recommend these gloves.
 I have been using these for a long time, and it still smells like when I first bought them. Like a brand new car smell. I wipe them with baby wipes inside, or disinfectant wipes.
 look at the reviews when you buy gloves. I had to buy insert gloves because they got unconfessable with use. it's worth it to spend $70 on glove if you're going to us them. These are okay if you're just going to fool around.
 I wore through these in 2 months and had to get a new pair of gloves. Im not a professional and am probably on the bags 20 minutes a week? I expect my gloves to have decent knuckle support so I don't bruise them.
 These are the real deal. I was so excited to get punching on the big bag when I got these-- I do recommend the cotton hand wraps to go on your knuckles first (I have relatively delicate, not tough, hands) to avoid blisters and cracks, especially in the winter.
 I just got 2 pairs for my son for some sparring and heavy bag workouts, I figured it would be good for him to learn how to fight with all the trash talking he does , and under light evaluation, these gloves seem perfect for his needs, they have a description about what they are useful for (heavy bag training, mitt work, and sparring ) I would like to mention they are slightly different than pictured<br/>But aside from that, I was extremely happy about my purchase, I would definitely recommend! I noticed a lot of reviews regarding the smell, and I have not noticed a smell except when directly up to my face, and it is not a good smell, but it's not bothersome
 These gloves have some problems. The padding isn’t very good on the knuckle. Even at 16oz, they don’t protect my hand from injury very well during heavy bag work. Also, the Velcro strap system is terrible. They frequently come undone when I spar. But at this price point, you can’t expect much, even from a reputable brand like Everlast. It’s worth it to spend a little more to get a better glove.
 Similar to a few other customer reviews, my 16 oz. pair of boxing gloves began to fall apart. After a few months of light\moderate use, the stitching which hold the Velcro straps has begun unlacing. I attempted to replace them because I did not misuse them, only light training once a week, so the issue is clearly with the manufacturer. The replacement time period has expired, however, and I am left with one of the gloves with the stitching completely undone, and the integrity of the glove is ruined.<br/>I do not recommend buying this product until they fix the faulty gloves.
 Other reviews said it, but I am one that won't believe something stinks 'til I smell it myself.<br/><br/>Generally I am not bothered by the smell of foams off-gassing. It's usually not that objectionable an odor to me and is also usually short lived. At worst I expected it to be a minor annoyance for a while until I aired them out for a week or two. These gloves, however, smell like tar and can still be detected in a room months later.<br/><br/>They work well for the heavy bag and are comfortable. They are still usable but you will likely not use them without thinking about how bad they stink for at least several months.<br/><br/>Did I mention the smell? It's not good.
 I've been using these for months now and have been using them on soft pads, thai pads, punching bags, hard banana punching bags, sparring and they've held up fine for me. I'm a light weight so using these in sparring for someone my size (100lbs) is fine considering the 16oz would be entirely too heavy for me. And when I'm using it, it's not as if I'm doing cardio kick boxing either. Although they would hold up just fine for those who enjoy that. If you want to hit someone harder you need to go up in size 14oz to 16oz. For guys especially I suggest they stick with 16oz since I've seen them always get carried away.
 I'm new to boxing so my opinion is probably not as good as the professionals. I'm female 5'5 with small hands but this pair of gloves fit me perfectly with hand wraps on. And it's more comfortable than the leather ones I got from another brand.  I can hit the bag hard without hurting my hands now!
 I have been using the gloves for over a year for my twice weekly boxing class and they are still holding up.  Tip: spray them with Febreeze after use, stuff them with a fabric softner sheet and let them air dry to keep them fresh smelling .
 Gloves clearly appear to have white leather on the palms but actually have black mesh.
 Only used them twice since I got them and they're pretty okay.<br/>Quality is 3/5. I see a few stitches out.<br/>Fit is just right for me.<br/>Love the color. Feel like an old school boxer with the redness.<br/>Love how there is a bag.<br/>Just hate how it gets flat.<br/>We'll see how they do after more use.
 I use the twelve ounce training gloves for bag work only, and they are perfect for the job! they protect my hands enough even without wraps to make switching from bag work, to pullups, to weight lifting and back again, no hassle. For more intense sessions where I know I will really be laying into the bag I use wraps with these gloves and they fit perfectly even with the added layers. I do not recommend using these gloves for sparring; for one, Twelve ounce gloves are way too small to spar with unless you are a twelve year old, and two, these gloves will protect your hands but they hurt like hell to be hit with. If you are looking for a sparring glove go with the cleto reyes training gloves or the everlast protex2 evergel training gloves and get them in 16oz, that is the standard size for sparring.
 After four, one hour boxing sessions, the velcro strap has nearly broken off. There is only one strip if stitching to keep it attached, which is very impracticable. Minus this issue, I love the gloves.
 I bought these for my friend who is taking boot camp classes with me and we have boxing every Tuesday and Thursday for the last 13 weeks. They have been super comfortable for her. She feels she gets the proper support needed, and they have nice cushion. They seemed tight at first but they do stretch and loosen up. These gloves arrived quickly and were packaged perfectly!
 I’m 6’1”, 185 lbs, and I got the 16oz gloves. The wrist band is made for someone with fat wrists or something? But they run out of Velcro, so I can’t wrap them tightly. They just kinda fit loosely. So I guess I’ll have to step down to 14oz.. hope that helps. But I’m not a small man, so it’s strange that the gloves are made for such thick wrists. I dunno. I also feel like they’re loose inside.. once I make my fist, the gloves are kinda wobbly.. wrist wraps and all. I dunno. Clearly too big for me, but I used their size chart. Just a heads up.
 Great for mitt and bag work! These aren't going to do much for you if you're sparring since they don't have significant wrist support, but they're a good weight for a beginning to intermediate boxer for in the gym.
 I ordered four sets for my gym and they work great for what they are.  We're not primarily a boxing gyms so these gloves don't see the same use they would in a dedicated facility, but they work great for light sparring sessions and have held up well over the last two months of use.  If you're looking for something for more serious bag work and hard/frequent sparring I would recommend something heavier and in leather, but for some basic pad work and light sparring they work great.
 I got it the day before this post, and after the first class , look how they ended.
 Bought 3 pairs:<br/>12 oz - blk (myself- female)<br/>12 oz - red (friend - female)<br/>16 oz - blk (brother - male - duh)<br/><br/>Perfect for basic/beginner boxing needs. We are all taking a boxing bootcamp.<br/>I felt they were a little stiff, but that may change after continuous use - will update.<br/><br/>FEATURES<br/>ThumbLok - just a little elastic band connecting the thumb to the rest of the glove.<br/>EverFresh - mesh lining in palms of glove. Don't help with sweating sadly :(
 I've been giving these things a beating - heavy bag multiple times a week, for 30 minute sessions - and there is no wear showing to date.  For $27- getting my money's worth...
 Bought these gloves the other day, Wanted to get back into Boxing and wanted some decent Gloves to start with the Bag, These things are very well made. I am a hard hitter, So I need a durable glove and Everlast has never let me down..12OZ gloves are perfect for the Bag. I am very impressed with the comfort of these gloves and the mesh the palm is made out of so my hands can breathe. I would recommend these to anyone that Trains.. There not elite level boxing gloves, But they are more than enough for bag or mitt training.. I absolutely Love them! Very Happy with the purchase.. In fact I am buying my wife pink ones just to get her to train with me :0)
 Very nice gloves for the price.  I am now 28 and 1.  Unfortunately the last one was the 1.  lol  So I'm retiring again, but these gloves are great to have around for working the bag.  Quality seems very good for this price.
 Great product at a great price. About two years ago I started trying to be healthy and working out regularly. I have been looking for things at home to change things up. This is a relatively inexpensive thing that can give you variety (without taking up tons of space).
 I've been using these for about two years now and their still going strong.  The only thing that sometimes bothers me is they have a tethered thumb so it can be difficult to secure the Velcro on the second glove without help.  These are large enough to put wraps on underneath.  When mine wear out, I plan to buy another pair.
 I bought the 14 ounce black gloves and they fit all 4 of my family members comfortably.  My youngest, 12 year old boy, they are just a tad big, but not too big to still enjoy and punch with.  They have just enough padding and are comfortable for all of us, and none of us use handwraps since we've never really boxed before, just thought it would be fun to do some aerobic workouts by punching the bag.  They are also very easy to get on and off with the velcro strap.<br/><br/>These gloves to have a chemical smell to them, but you don't really notice it while you're boxing, only when you pull them out of your bag initially.
 These gloves are ok as a starter pair of gloves. I don't think they have enough padding, though. After a 1 hr boxing class (including rounds of conditioning, heavy bag work, and mitt work), my knuckles would get bruised with these gloves. I started wrapping my hands by folding the wrap on itself and placing it over my knuckles before wrapping the rest of my hand, and it's a little better, but I'd suggest being careful with these gloves depending on how hard you hit.
 These gloves made my entire house smell like gasoline. Even after airing them out for a week, they still reeked.<br/>I'm not picky, and I would've kept the gloves if they didn't have horrible wrist support. I have average man-sized wrists, and even with heavy boxing wraps, they completely lack wrist support/stabilization because they skimped on the Velcro.
 Nice training gloves...<br/><br/>These gloves are well built, they are very dense boxing gloves, so if you are sparring or playing around with someone else, be careful because they will hurt on impact. They are not soft or pillowy. They are firm gloves.<br/>I liked them a lot.
 Same odor issue with the pair I purchased for my wife that I have seen recently with other buyers.  3 days outside in the garage and it smelled as if a gas can had tipped over.  I was afraid that there would be a spontaneous combustion fire in my garage.  I will be returning these. There is absolutely no reason for these to smell like a toxic spill.  We can't keep them in the bedroom or the car for fear that our health is being compromised.  I am thinking that there was a bad (cheap) batch manufactured.
 These are good gloves for the price! I have small hands and I got the 12 oz gloves which fit well. They dry out quickly after using them which is great.
 I got the 16 oz and they are nice.  Like anything, it's how they wear with slugging the heavy bag. Only had them for a week so we will see  My hands are large for a 5'9" guy and they fit perfect
 I'm 130 lbs; 12 oz is too light for sparring and 16 are slightly bulky+heavy for me to work on the bag with, so I got the 14 oz ones. Great blue color, looks better than the black ones, and a great construction.<br/><br/>Not that much of a smell to them as some people say, just a slight smell of the fabric. I'm sensitive to smells and have seasonal allergies and had no problem working with them.<br/><br/>My hands aren't that big, and these gloves are the perfect fit. Haven't tried, but I think it'll be tight to wear handwraps inside them. Maybe they'll stretch with use..
 I took up boxing last winter to help me stay active while recovering from an injury.  A buddy of mine told me to get the Everlast Pro Training Gloves as when sparing, it prevented major injuries.<br/>The gloves worked really well for some time, but they do degrade.  After about six months of use (I would spare twice a week, usually for about a total of 18 rounds) they really started to wear down.  The biggest issue I have had is the loss of padding.  Not a big deal to me, but the guy I am punch will not appreciate it if you agree to 16oz. gloves, but yours have far less padding to protect. Another pair on site have started to pull apart at the thumb.<br/>But hey, they were only $20!  I cannot complain too much as I have no aspirations on being a pro boxer. I just want to spar to keep fit. Actually, I have even continued to spar since I have been cleared for other activities. So, for $20 for about six months of use, I would recommend them. Those of you who are serious boxers, you may want to buy something a little more legit.<br/>Oh, and NEVER buy these to use with a heavy bag. I jammed an index finger once before being told you should get bag gloves for such activities. My bad, I'm a newbie.
 My daughter still refuses to use these because after over month of airing them out (outside), they still smell horrible - outside, not inside.
 Been training with these daily for a week now and it feel pretty good so far.  However it's already started to smell due to the lack of ventalation.  Difficult to clean.
 They're big! I was under the impression the heavier the glove, the more padding (softer) it is. I just got these to spar with my little boy and feel like I'm going to hurt him even with soft punches, the padding is dense. Also, the gloves are long - go halfway up my forearm. I'm not the biggest guy but I'm 5'11.
 I use these for recreational training.  They're comfortable and fit well, about a month or two of use they're starting to show signs of light wear, which is to be expected.  I'd venture a guess that I still have about 5 months use of them before they give out or I have to trash them from the smell.  I'd buy them again, they're pretty good for light training.
 As someone who is just starting out in boxing, these 16oz gloves are perfect for what I need them for. They seem to be holding up fairly well, but it's hard to tell yet since i'm just a beginner and learning the ropes.
 Great beginner gloves.  Well made at a good price.  The only drawback is the elastic/velcro wrist strap is a little short, if you've got good wrist wraps on underneath your gloves, it can be hard to strap them on... especially when you're putting on the second glove and need to fasten it with your teeth!
 I bought these for heavy bag, they are great! They seem durable my bag is made of synthetic canvas! For the price you can’t beat it
 I have been using these for two years now and they haven't failed me. Still in great condition. Only problem I have are the straps are difficult to stretch to attach to the Velcro since they're shorter. The strap is hard to grip when the other glove is on, so usually I use my teeth.
 Had the gloves almost 5 months for a boxing class twice a week up until now. Good fit, good size but the strap on the right hand has started to come apart. Gloves work fine, padded perfectly and other than the strap coming apart no complains and perfectly fine.
 I returned these because I don't like the way the velcro on the wrists does not go all the way around the gloves. The velcro just goes underneath the wrists instead of pulling all the way around to the top of the wrist, so it is hard to tighten them. Makes it a bit uncomfortable. They're fine gloves other than that though.
 great solid, training gloves, comfortable. The standard of boxing gloves. A bit big in the glove but that might be how all gloves are. perhaps there made to be worn with a lot of hand wraps.
 The gloves I had previously to these, made by everlast as well, had leather like material to wrap around and then close at the wrists. These have a stretchy material connected to the velcro fasteners that will not stay closed as easily and is very hard to get shut when you are alone and just doing some heavy bag work. I don't know if this is a new design with everlast but I won't be getting another set if it is. The glove itself is very good. Just the latching mechanism around the wrist is now a stretchy material that doesnt stay latched as well as the previous design.
 Infused form too spongy, these you can feel what you hit. After trying a few different padding styles out there, these ain't bad up to a 45lb combat sports heavy bag / aqua training bags...
 Everlast used to be the name in boxing. I don't know what happened. These gloves offer no protection, they're cheaply made and your hands, fingers, wrists and shoulders will be sore for days after using these on the heavy bag.I used hand wraps and tried the 16oz and the 14oz thinking it was a sizing issue, but it was the same result each time. Save yourself the pain and spend a little extra on quality gloves without the Everlast label.
 Bought these gloves about 3 months ago. I don't use them too often (2-3 times a week for 1 hour max each time), and they're perfectly fine so far. No bad odors or anything so far. I've been doing some Muay Thai and can update after a bit more time doing that.<br/><br/>I should also add I found these for a deal at $25, otherwise I may not have been able to get them. For that price these gloves (16 oz) were a great buy
 I bought these gloves and for the most part the padding was good. BUT the stitching around the velcro and stretchy material around the wrist ripped apart. I had them for about 4 months before they ripped. I'm not a professional nor do I believe that I punch too hard. These shouldn't break apart so easily. I would not recommend.
 Good product. No complaints. I’m a casual kickboxer and these get the job done for me. Even distribution of stuffing and durable outer. Not sure what else you’d ask for in your boxing gloves. Wear with wraps.
 Very poorly made, they don’t allow your hands to breathe at all, started stretching out from first wear. Not worth the money.
 These are cool. They are a little too big for my hands. I really wanted to love these, but even with my hands heavily wrapped, they don't fit around my hands the way I wish they would
 I originally purchased the size 14 oz gloves but those were way too big. The 12 oz was a much better fit. I am not sure how they would hold up for strictly boxing, but I have been using for them for my kickboxing class for the past 6 months and they are great. They are still holding up nice and strong.
 Not a good quality I had them for not to long and already reaped
 I was going to ship these back but the shipping was like $10. kept them only because of that reason. More like kid gloves
 I am very please with the quality of these gloves. I hate sharing sweaty gloves with the others in my exercise class. These Everlast Training gloves are light, comfortable and sturdy. Most important to me is that the Velcro straps stay securely in place, yet don't feel constricting. For my purposes, these gloves were the right price, and I feel my hands, especially my thumb, are well protected.
 These gloves get the job done. My usage is only for beating the hell out of a heavy bag. My issue with these gloves is that the elastic wrist wrap on one glove is tearing. It's only a matter of time before these are unusable. I've put them trough a lot and got good use for 9+ months, but disappointed in the overall quality. Spend a little more and get a better pair that will last longer.
 I did not give these a 5-star because they smell like moth balls but are in great shape. I wish the closing strap was a little longer. I purchased these to work with my personal trainer. I did not like using the sweaty gloves that other customers were using too. Not very sanitary. I will update this review after a few times to see how they hold up.  Right now, I am very happy with this product.
 Now these boxing gloves are just as I expected it to be... An okay training brand for boxing gloves that would probably last me a good 4 - 5 years. (That is only assuming if I don't use this every day which I will so these gloves will last less than a year lol) These gloves are best designed for training against punching mitts and smooth 125 lbs punching bags. These are okay for sparring but don't expect it to be the best.
 I'm absolutely happy with this, training gloves are a bit overpriced in stores and knowing that you have the option of looking for something like this online and finding it at such great price is great!<br/>I think it would be hard for a product like this not to meet your expectations unless you made a mistake choosing sizes. The ones I got are perfect, they stay in place, have the cushioning I need and I think you just cant go wrong with these.<br/>I would recommend this to anyone.
 Great gloves. Nice size and weight and very sleek look. I will definetely purchase these again and from the same seller when i wear out the pair i have. Great buy
 I received different gloves than what were pictures. The gloves pictures are cool and sleek. What I received were a basic version without the blast wrist guard, and they were not comfortable. I returned them immediately.
 Very nice quality and the price is great! My 14 year old just started boxing so wasn't sure how much I had to invest. These are half the price at any "sports store" or even the boxing club - and they are the same ones!
 I'm a rather small guy (about 5'5 and roughly 130 pounds,) but I bought the 16 OZ gloves regardless because they provide the best protection for both your hands and your opponent when sparring. The gloves are very large compared to my hands, but do have a snug fit so I'm not worried about them flying off. I won't lie, they look a little goofy on me since I'm small, but I'm more concerned with making sure my hands and sparring partners are both protected. The quality of the gloves exceeds my expectations. I don't foresee any issues using these. The padding is firm but flexible, the mesh provides adequate cooling for your hands and the velcro is strong. Plenty of wrist protection and extra thumb protection. This gloves helps you to maintain a proper fist, all while protecting your hands. Fantastic for the price.
 Bought for a friend, though I've used them a few times. Good, average gloves. Pretty breathable, good for light-medium bag work.
 I kickbox/box 4 days a week so these are used HEAVILY and they work great! I have to buy a new pair about once a year because of use and smell but these hold up great and are a great price. It's easy to put them on by yourself and it wraps around your wrist well.
 Nice gloves.  They have a good weight to it.  I bought the 14oz. Feels good and fits well.  I bought a medium but should have bought a large so I can wrap my hands first but these are good as training gloves.
 Great gloves, I have been using them pretty intensely and it hasn't shown any signs of fragility, neither have I ever hurt my hand while using it. After using it, I leave them by the windows so that they can get some fresh air, so it's been over a month and it does not smell bad at all (haven't cleaned them yet, it hasn't been necessary to do so). Of course it's always good to wear hand wraps underneath the gloves (I bought Everlast 180" ones, not at Amazon though, totally recommend them as well). I have been boxing for over a month now, so I do not know whether this glove is the best one for more advanced users, but for beginners this one is awesome.
 When I started boxing, I was so clueless I bought myself these pairs. The Velcro was hard to put on after putting the other side on. The padding hurts still, even when sparring. As if the padding's were cardboard. I can't get over the fact how cheap it feels, the "Synthetic" plastic ripped within the month of usage. Save yourself some time and headache, get a $40 Title boxing gloves - Will last you a good 3 years! Really though, the gloves gives barely wrist support and my hands don't feel protected at all.
 So far these are some really great gloves for the money. With my hands properly wrapped, I can hit my 80pd heavy bag as hard as I can without worrying about my knuckles getting injured. I'll see how the hold up after 6 months and report back.
 I bought these to start training my kids. I love the mesh underneath so your hands don't get to sweaty. Easy fit to put on yourself.
 Exactly what we needed. Seem like good quality. They come in a zippered case that is good for storage.
 Great gloves. Been using these for a few months with very little wear. I have pretty big hands and I have plenty of room in them. I'm 6'2'' 200lbs and they work like a charm.
 I needed a pair of training gloves for my boxing class.  These seemed durable and that they would serve the purpose of hitting the heavy bag.  They are holding up well so far but I can't get ride of the horrible smell!!! They smell of chemicals and plastic.  It's so potent that I have to remove them from my car and cover them in a closed bag.  I left them outside to air out many, many times but still can't get rid of the smell.<br/>I would recommend buying a different brand.
 I do not like to return what I bought. But if it really does not fit me, I do not expect it costs so much to return.
 These are my husband's favorite gloves!
 The gloves are nice and fit well, but the velcro elastic strap has already started to rip off the gloves (this happened during my SECOND use of them). So now when I use them I have to bring a roll of tape to tape them tight as the velcro strap is ripping off and does not hold them tight. poorly made.
 Just got them but I can’t tell these are high quality. I liked them as soon as I opened the package. Definitely gonna enjoy using them.
 I ordered these for my clients to use for light boxing/cardio work. I like them a lot but prefer the earlier version with the non-elastic closure that wraps around the wrist. These have an elastic wrap that gets tighter which is nice but we make rapid changes a lot and most of my clients need help pulling the wrap around once they've got one glove on slowing their transition down. Otherwise, these are an outstanding product for the price. I have one client who bought them just because she likes the sound they make when striking!
 The elastic and Velcro are kind of crappy if you have smaller wrists, but the inside of the gloves feel great, and the exterior has shown no wear and tear for the year I have owned them and used regularly.
 Decent gloves. I am by no means a serious boxer (just do kickboxing for exercise). These were great starter gloves, but had to be replaced after about 2 months use going to kockboxing about 3-4 times a week.
 Durable but very hard to clean the inside.  The vinyl interior make your hands sweat a lot and there is no good way to clean and deodorize even though there is mesh for ventilation
 These gloves are great!!! I didn't want to spend a ton of money on gloves and these were recommended to me by an old boxer. They are perfect.
 WARNING:<br/>These gloves contain some sort of a carcinogenic chemical which can lead to health problems.<br/>It is stated on the packaging of the product, but it is not stated on this website, which isn't very nice but I understand the seller.<br/>They stink.<br/>They reek of cheap chemical materials.<br/>The overall material does not feel nice or high quality but it seems to be quite durable and should last.<br/>I decided to return these gloves and buy the ProForce Leatherette.<br/>Everlast seems to have sold its soul to a cheap business model.<br/>I.e. The more cheap crap they sell, the more money they'll make.<br/>Well that is not the case with me since I promptly returned them.<br/>I can't believe these gloves have over 1,000 good ratings.<br/>Do not buy.
 Have lasted about three years of 2 - 4 times a week training (an hour - 2 hours a session)  Starting to fall apart now (seems, and liner).  I cared for these well (talcum powder inside after use to absorb sweat).  These are not true "pro" but certainly good enough for light and medium training, including sparring.  Have a velcro closure (some sparring clubs/tournaments may not allow).
 They work well. My only challenge is getting the second glove's Velcro to catch when wearing the gloves.
 its a joke, just for watching , not for using. I got recently two pairs of 14 oz and tried just once and thinking to return or just give away. THERE IS NO PADDING. 14 oz gloves should have padding, you manufacture morons. This gloves hurts when you punch. Where is your brain?
 These are the perfect gloves for new boxers or boxing enthusiasts. They don't break the bank like other gloves but still offer a lot of protection and support. (If you're interested in knowing more check out my review blog for a complete breakdown of what makes these gloves great http://gearandwear.weebly.com/gear-and-wear/everlast-pro-style-training-boxing-gloves-16oz)
 Product did not last 2 months with general use.  Contacted seller directly with no resolution.  Will not purchase this product or any from this seller unfortunately.
 Fit well and holding up great. Other reviewers said they had issues with these gloves but I have yet to have a tear in them and they still look brand new. I am extremely pleased with them and would strongly recommend to anyone looking for an inexpensive bag glove.
 The Everlast Pro Style Training gloves are padded in a way that protects your hand when you punch. Rather than laced, it utilize a velcro strap that is convenient when you're itching to punch something. Like others have mentioned, the gloves do give off a less-than-pleasant smell but dissipates after continual use. When you're guarding your head and pressing your gloves to your face, you might not want that smell. I do not mind it so much as the smell dissipates.<br/>If you're unsure about the size: a quick google search on "What Boxing Gloves To Use" would give you myriad of sites you can peruse. I got the 16 oz one and it does the job nicely for me. I'm 140lbs and 14oz-16oz all works for me, the reason i got what i got is that the higher the oz, the more padding it affords me. I'm a boxing enthusiast so I appreciate the extra padding.
 Got these for my HIIT boxing class. They are great. I am a average size female.
 Gloves are great for starters. I'm going to use them to punch the bag around to build up my cardio. Ordered these gloves and when I received them they were the wrong size, color and sex. I contacted the seller and had my replacement gloves two days later after the purchase date! Amazing customer support! I would recommend them!
 I'm a novice kick boxer, so I didn't want to spend a ton of money on gloves.  My teacher has these same gloves so went with them for my own pair.  No regrets.
 These dry fast after getting sweat on them. I bought the 12 oz and have been using them without wrapping my hands during a workout with a pumching bag. I don't have any problems with my hands hurting afterwards.
 This is not my first boxing glove, actually its probably my third or forth one..the smell of this one is so bad that I can not keep it inside the house, right out of package the smell of raw plastic just gives you a headache in 5 minutes...have been leaving it outside for the past week to alleviate the problem. Too lazy to return and get another one, who has time for all that..
 I've been using these gloves for a few weeks now and they are great! I started MMA classes 2x a week a few weeks ago and I use these for heavy bag work and sparring they take a little breaking in but I like them. When I wear these out I'll be buying them again!<br/><br/>update: after three months of use the elastic connecting the Velcro strap started to tear away from the plastic material at the seam. hand sewed back together and now works great! just watch out for wearing at that stress point. had it torn away completely I doubt I would have been able to effectively sew it back together.
 These gloves get the job done, not a lot padding so it starts to hurt a bit when you up the ante in your training
 Left glove is too small - VERY tight and CRAMPS my hand, whereas the right is fine.<br/>Cannot understand how Everlast can make 16oz gloves so uneven and so tight; my hands are just medium size and are WAY to snug...cannot imagine a large hand in these - strange! Just got today, sending back tomorrow.
 Was hoping these would be the older style that wrap all the way around the wrist, but they're the newer style that have the elastic.  Cheaper than buying them at a local place, but they are harder to fasten.
 This is my first pair of boxing gloves and I can say, they didn't last very long! I will NEVER and I DO MEAN never make a purchase of Everlast boxing gloves again! Wore the glove 4 (3 workout sessions) and now the stitching holding the Velcro part is torn! I've contacted the seller, and have not gotten a response. Please go spend your money on another brand and most def don't buy from this vender!
 I initially wanted to give this a 3 star but then I remembered I specifically looked for this item so to be fair I give it a 4 star. I must say, this is not the most comfortable gloves you will own I recommend more higher end Everlast products if you are not a beginner. But it does do the job  for a  beginner
 These gloves are ok for youth- NOT Made for hard hitting - not enough padding - they will injure your knuckles-
 These were purchased for use in a weekly fitness class with a heavy bag and I couldn't be happier.  They feel great on the hands, absorb the punches well, and have held up impeccably.  Throw in a reasonable price tag, and I'd definitely recommend these!
 got these for my daughter and I for Fighter Fit classes. It's our first pair and we really don't have anything to complain about.
 I am not a boxer and have never really boxed.  I got a punching bag as a gift so I bought these.  The price seemed fair.  They have done well keeping my wrists locked in place to avoid injury, the help keep my thumb in and the curled finger grips at the end also have helped a lot.  I would recommend them.
 These gloves stink a bit like  gasoline, but it fades after about 5 times of decent use.<br/>I got the black 160z gloves and they fit perfectly. I have big hands, and I'm 6'0 175 pounds.<br/><br/>They seem to get the job done on the heavy bag, and for 30 bucks you can't go wrong.<br/><br/>They're really durable and I can't see breaking them even after a few years use.<br/><br/>Got free shipping and they took a good week to get here, but worth the wait =)
 These fell apart after only a few months. I only use them about 1x week.<br/>They still look brand new but unfortunately past the warranty time.<br/>The whole seam fell apart in one glove and all the stuffing is coming out.<br/><br/>Bummed to have to pay for a new pair - but won't be going with these again.
 Stiff gloves, okay for beginners. wasn't too bad but took a long time to break in
 I'm a female that spars in Krav and these gloves work really well. Went with red ones because everyone else in my class has black. Fits my hands nicely and easy to slip my hands out if I can't get the gloves off with the velcro strap (because both hands are gloved).
 Had a pair of Everlast gloves I bought a few years back.  Bought these ones for my son.  My one complaint is the wrist wrapping part.  On my older gloves, the wrist wrap is much heavier material and goes completely around, circling your wrist before velcroing closed.  This gives you a lot of wrist support and much latitude as to how tight you can make the wrist support.  More wrist support means you can hit the bag harder!  On this pair, the velcro part is short, is mostly stretchy elastic material, and merely closes the opening under the wrist. It does nothing to support your wrist.  If you are doing heavy bag work this might be an issue for you.
 I've had these for about 3 months and use them about 3 times per week.  Quality is good and I have no issues yet, best thing is the lack of an odor, as long as you don't leave them in your gym bag and they have room to air out, they have no odor.
 Straight to the point....<br/><br/>Pro:<br/>-Product came as described<br/>-Velcro wrist straps make these gloves easy to get on and off.<br/>-"EverCool" mesh ventilation panel helps these suckers from stinking.  (But I also use hand wraps)<br/>-This is the best price around.<br/>-14oz gloves gives me the perfect amount of protection and size for me; an average size hand<br/><br/>Con:<br/>*I don't have any.  If I wanted to nitpick, I would say the wrist support could be better, but my hand wraps fill in any protection/support gaps that these gloves may or may not have.
 These are fine... my only complaint is the wrist wrap doesn't wrap all the way around and when I have my hands taped the wrist band barely connects and I need to either use my teeth to close it or have someone else close it. I wish I would have bought the glove style with the wrap around wrist closure it would be much easier to put on my own gloves.
 better than the mittens that come with the "kit".
 Got them as a Christmas present for training (Bag work, Mitt Work, &amp; Sparring). Within the first 4 months of light use, the right glove started to tear on Velcro strap. So I started to undo it less, then I noticed after about 6 months of limited use my left one did too. They were out of warranty, so I couldn't return them. I wasn't training vigorously like I use to when I did Muay Thai. These are clearly not a quality product, I would recommend you spend your money elsewhere.
 love these gloves! they are very heavy duty and  I am so excited using them! I feel like my form has drastically enhanced now that I' ve gotten these! I bought them and they arrived the next day even though I had 2 day shipping! It is a little hard to put them on, especially if you put one on and you have to put the second one on, I have a hard time strapping in! lol
 I'm not a pro but for amateur training I have been hitting these gloves And beating the heavy bag intensely and they take the beating and are in perfect condition. I have another pair that I have been using for over 6 months and they maintain their quality. the inner part is ventilated so after use it dries up completely on the inside avoiding typical smell boxing gloves get after time. Like I said, I'm not a pro but amateur boxing I hit recommend these.
 These gloves work for intended purpose - I am using them for workouts 1-2 times a week.  However, there is an overwhelming smell - chemical or petrochemical - and it really does not go away.  If you can get over this, it is a great buy.
 I think I need to move up to a 14 oz glove but these worked great. Very light, good padding for heavy bag. Do you self a favour and also get 180" wraps to go with this. Not enough padding to spar with someone unless you favour bear knuckle brawls! If you want to stay friends with your sparring partners or also keep them coming back, use the 160z gloves for that but these are great for heavy bag work.
 The product was great but they reeked of cigarette smoke.  I cannot even use them until they air out and I've had them outside for several days with no relief.<br/><br/>UPDATE: after reading other reviews I guess the sickening smell is a chemical.  I don't understand this.  Even the Amazon box makes you want to wretch.
 Fit is good, Velcro can be a bit difficult to secure when your by yourself, great gloves.
 Nice fitting, light weight gloves for the price
 I box once a week and these gloves hold up very well.
 The wrist closer velcro separated from the elastic part.  I had to initially staple them together while at the gym so that I could continue working out.  I then sewed it back together (which wasn't easy because of the outside part of the velcro).  That too is failing because the elastic is separating.  I used them 3 times a week for 45 min for less than 6 months when this happened.
 This is my second pair. Great quality construction.
 After doing much research though these gloves looked to be excellent value for money.<br/><br/>On opening the box after delivery the smell was overpowering, me and the guys in the office thought they must have been fumigated it was so bad. 4 weeks on and having been left outdoors the smell was still really strong, put them through a gentle wash to try and reduce it but still not fully deal with the stench.<br/><br/>First boxing session the padding is really thin, which is good in that you have a feel for what you are hitting but bad if you are a heavy hitter as the knuckles on my right hand were swollen for a couple of days and this was through wraps.<br/><br/>Bottom line, better not to skimp on decent gloves if you are a regular boxer.
 I got 12 oz, for mauy Thai. Great quality
 Good training gloves for someone with small hands or a kid. Definitely worth the investment, breathable material is a step up from the previous versions.<br/><br/>Durable and worth the price!
 Brought me back to when I used to box. Very nice gloves, and very comfortable.
 Good gloves and a good weight as well. They are a little on the heavy side so i suggest you are a little bigger using them but besides that they get the job done. Be careful over tightening the Velco on them; mine ended up with a small tear on the elastic and I needed to exchange them. It was no problem though; the new gloves came first then i sent the old ones in with no charge.
 I liked them, excellent quality, but had to return because they where too big and I have small hands.
 Great product, these are excellent training gloves. I purchased the 16oz because the 18oz was not available. I will buy these again. All the Everlast  Products that I have purchased are of just a higher quality than less expensive and even other name brand products.
 Fit well and not that heavy. Good size
 I ordered a set of these gloves two years ago and they were great. Since I liked them so much I order more a replacement. My new set were not made correctly. The left glove is slightly larger than the right. The foam in the left is also strangely positioned. They are so off that my trainer noticed I was having issues and checked them out. He too noticed that they are off and (even though I have only worn them twice) suggested I never wear them again.
 These are great, cheap, beginning boxing gloves. If you are learning to box, do not go out and buy $150 gloves right away. These will get the job done for a fraction of the price!
 I don't know how to feel about these. Just like every other review, they smell of chemicals. Kinda like a garage full of paint, paint thinner or any other chemical. I've never worn 16oz gloves but these feel kinda big. Not much support. I'll have to use them a bit before deciding if I should buy better gloves
 I bought these for a boxing class I take sometimes. I'm female and ordered the 12oz. gloves and they work/fit fine. The only difficulty I have is pulling the velcro flap to tighten the glove on the opposite hand. I have a hard time using the "hand" of the other glove to grasp the velcro flap very well.
 This gloves came in alotttt stiffer than normal and I been using this type of the heavy bag for a while not sure what's that about .
 Excellent Product...Recommended
 GREAT  TOOL FOR MY WEIGHT LOSS JOURNEY . HOPE THIS IS SOMETHING DOFFERENT JUST THE RIGHT DIFFERNT FOR A FUN WORK OUT AND CAN BE DONE SITTING DOWN<br/><br/>GREAT LEATHER LIKE QUALITY  VELCRO IS SECURE  NOT TOO HEAVY  BUT THE SECOND HAND NEED SOMEONE TO DO IT FOR YOU
 Been using these about a year now.  Easy to clean with wipes and does not retain odor.  I generally use 'small' sized adult normal gloves and these are a good fit.
 Best gloves for boxing. I use these pair all the time.
 All in All I am not a professional glove man...but they seem ok for my kickboxing class...holding up well after 2 weeks...BUT the have this strong chemical smell that covers your hands for quite a few minutes after you remove them. I am not sure what it is but it doesn't smell healthy..I was hoping the smell would go away...but I have had them for a couple months and using them for a a couple weeks and no reduction. Anybody have a tip for me here...should I return these?
 Great hand savers. I started off with some crappy MMA gloves on my heavy bag. Terrible idea. My knuckles were getting bruised and cut up. Switched to these guys and now I only have a shade of light pink around my knuckles after a 45 minute work out.
 These gloves are great for extreme beginner boxers, but that's about it, and only for like a month or so. The impact cushion is cheap foam, the shape is strange and requires too much effort to make a proper fist, which could result in a serious strain and or broken metacarpal.<br/><br/>Do yourself a favor and invest in some better quality gloves, you will want to replace them pretty soon anyways. Unless you are super broke and you really need gloves asap, invest the $24 that these cost and buy quality gloves.
 I got this pair of Everlasts for boxing training, and can't be happier with my choice. Also bought wrist wraps by Everlast as well. Gloves fit my medium size hands perfect, as I decided to go with a 16Oz version. I also used the 12OZ Everlast gloves in the past, and found them hard to fit in with wrist wraps.<br/>The quality iz great. I had 2 hard-core workouts in them, and they hold pretty well. I think these will last me a life-time, as I'm not a professional boxer.
 Excellent fit. As described
 Poor and cheap design on the wrist strap. Elastic  with a sewn on pull tab that ripped the very first time I tried them on. Returned the next day and purchased another brand on Amazon where the wrist strap is part of the glove. Very happy.
 The smell of these gloves is unbearable. It stinks up my closet real bad that I had to throw them in the garage instead. I have only used these gloves only once because of the odor. With my experience with boxing gloves (20 plus years), I never had gloves that smell like these.
 Use on my heavy bag as the gloves that came with simply suckkkkked.  Good price and great value.  Holding up perfectly.
 Sorry for my comments but this is in my experience.<br/><br/>The gloves looks fine at first sight but when I first opened the package, the form of the gloves is not like in the picture, they are kind of flat and wide in the wrist, not rounded like in the pics. They are too large, 10 to 15 cm from my elbows.<br/><br/>But What I definetly can not tolerate is the smell, it was not a smell like a new stuff, it was different, completely obnoxious. The smell like oil or don't knwo what kind of substance was used to manufacture the fabric and the gloves covering is unbearable. I bought them in Amazon and ask to delivere to a POBox suite in McAllen, so my PObox deliver to Monterrey MX for a small extra cost but I definetly won't use this gloves.<br/><br/>They are intactc and unsused and I'd like to get my money back, however return the product from Mty to My POBox and from there to Everlast or amazon  or whatever will cause more extra cost for me, even more expensive that the gloves itself.<br/><br/>I'm considering definetly not to by anything else online again. Although products in Mexico be considerable more expensive, at least I can touch, try, SMELL and confortably decide to buy or not.
 Great fit and finish, covers the hands well and thick. Great for the heavy bag and sparring!
 Not the best quality but they look cool and the strap around the wrist is really easy to use and does a good job protecting the wrist. Must use handraps though. Unless you punch like a girl (not including Ronda Rousey)
 Perfect fit and price
 Durable gloves and well built with the exception of the wrist strap and velcro. While training the band will come off if not taped due to the quality of the velcro.
 I do NOT recommend these for heavy bag training!  They do not have enough padding to protect you knuckles. They will work for sparing and light mitt work. Also, they come with a pretty strong odor, and after having them for over 4 months the smell is still there.
 good training gloves
 I would recommend this glove for heavy bag use. I box and train MMA regularly with amateur and pro fights in both sports. Although this glove is of high quality I would not recommend it for heavy sparring. The wrist support is good for a heavy bag glove,but is not sufficient enough for hitting the human body. The padding will protect the hand, but not as well as the traditional lace up gloves. The foam is a little more dense then those such gloves. Great starter pair of gloves.
 Very good. Recomendado
 8 oz with bag bad!!!!!!!
 Gloves work great! Sparring with them is easy, though if you are fully contacting a heavy bag or throwing punches full strength, I recommend some hand wraps to protect your hands and especially your wrist. There is little to no wrist support in these, though not necessarily a problem. They seem to be very good quality. The color is pretty cool, especially as everyone else seems to have boring black gloves! Has the thumb connected so you can't damage it accidentally.<br/>Shipping speed was EXCELLENT. It went out one morning and was here the next afternoon. Also, the price was right. 22 dollars for a pair of gloves that's at LEAST 25, usually closer to 30 (online) or 35 (Dick's Sporting Goods)? Excellent price. Highly recommend this seller, recommend the gloves for anyone BUT I also recommend hand wraps most of the time.<br/>5 out of 5
 great boxing gloves
 The smell everyone is referring to is not a big deal and goes away once they air out a bit. These gloves are comfortable and the mesh palms is really nice for keeping the inside cool and dry. I am a little worried the mesh might get torn up pretty fast, but no problems so far.<br/><br/>UPDATE: After about 7 months (2 hour long sessions a week) they are pretty beat. The insides are coming undone and teh straps have started to tear. Also they don't absorb as much as they used to. However for the price they are still a solid glove and I would still recommend to anyone getting started. If you are going to continue though, go for something better.
 They work fine, but mine came with a small tear. Desided to keep them since I didnt mind it.
 Great training gloves!!!
 I have been interested in Boxing for years, but just recently started to learn/practice/train. I bought these gloves thinking even if they were not great, at the price they would be good for a beginner just starting out. But the lack of padding has caused me to hurt my knuckles (which are properly wrapped) even when I'm throwing 1/2 or 3/4 power. Also after 2 months of use (about 2-3 times a week against a heavy bag) the surface is tearing apart. Either I'm the next Joe Louis or these gloves are really more for kids and early teens just starting out.
 Comfortable, excellent quality.
 really love these  but the upgraded everlast gloves are better for sparring.......these ones I feel like they make me punch slower haha!!!
 Perfect for what I needed
 As a former boxing gym owner, these are decent beginner gloves for mitts, heavybag or light sparring.  Good first year gloves, nothing more, nothing less.
 Just what my husband needed for his karate class.  Great product,  nice price, fast shipping.  Totally recommend!
 wish it had the velcro going the other side so it is easier to put on when you;re already wearing one glove.
 These have lasted me a while. Though I feel that I have outgrown their limitations, they have managed to hold up for over a year. They are perfect for boxing, and not too shabby when wearing them while clinching.<br/><br/>- The velcro is easy to put on and remove in comparison to other glove models, which is a huge plus.<br/>- The gloves have great wrist support, which is also a con if you clinch and moreso if you sprawl.<br/>- The synthetic leather is perfect for boxing, though it wears thin from excessive clinching<br/>- Gloves are very wide. I suppose this would just be due to the glove size, though.<br/>- My only real gripe: the stitching on the inside is weak. A seam by the thumb tore early on, which is annoying because sometimes I'll stick my thumb into the hole.
 Why does it smell so bad? Hard to get smell off of hands. Ordered the 12-Ounce and just doesn't feel like my hand is fully bonded with the glove.<br/>I could wait for it to wear in but also ordered TITLE Boxing Pro Style "Leather" training gloves and immediately felt the difference in the fit. For a $15 price difference, I'll stick with TITLE.
 nice quality.
 the right fit, nice gloves and affordable
 The wrist strap's design is kinda dumb
 Great gloves, fit well and has solid construction.
 love them, perfect fit
 These are exactly the gloves you'll find in a sports authority or dick's so go there to test them out, that's what I did. These are good quality gloves at a better price than in-store retailers. I use them purely for training and a fitness based boxing routine, so I'm not so sure how suitable they are for the serious athlete.
 These are junk! After using once, the elastic wrist strap is already beginning to stretch out making it difficult to tightly secure the gloves.
 These gloves are great- just the right amount of wrist support, padded enough to protect knuckles when punching a punching bag, and they come in different weights to accommodate all fitness levels and needs. I use them for my kickboxing classes. The only reason why I am giving them 4 stars is because they are practically impossible to clean so if you use them a lot (I use mine 3x a week) they eventually start to smell. Then again, I had my first pair of these for over year before I had to buy another pair so I can't complain too much. These are definitely a good buy!!
 Perfect for what I needed and great quality.
 I've been using the light weight training gloves that come with my Everlast punching bag ever since I got the thing.  I found myself skipping on days where the body was willing but my hands just couldn't take the punishment.  Even with heavy taping, my hands were getting eaten alive.  These gloves have changed all of that.  In addition to the breathable material that cuts back on the sweat pooling and inevitable blisters from the old gloves, these offer a nice layer of padding to keep the knuckles safe even while swinging at full force.  These gloves are also designed to keep your thumb protected in a neutral position and reduces the chances of straining soft tissue.  They have been quite durable thus far and easy to don on and off, even with one hand already gloved.  Great product (not that I'd expect anything less from Everlast)
 Thank you!
 Delivered on time and great product!
 This is the second pair I've bought from Everlast and I had the same problem as before with the velcro closure stitching coming undone.  I have a sewing machine and had little problem fixing it, but I would hesitate to buy again based on this.
 Total junk...DO NOT BUY if you plan to frequently use these gloves.  Been using these 3 times a week for 4 months in a kickboxing class and the Velcro no longer adheres.  TOTAL JUNK
 amazing product. love it
 Tried it out 1st time on heavy bag at my gym and they were great, good padding, sturdy with the punches of course one should use wraps. one less start because of the wrist straps when close it looks like it overlaps or still a little lose but that might be cus its 16oz and im 230lbs 5'8''... and the inside can feel the fabric after use and its an annoying feel. must be cause worked out long time yeah.
 awesome
 I love these gloves! Dope AF! i learned how to train with them and they're pretty darn perfect!!
 Bought these and went boxing gym 3x a week for 6 months still good condition no rips but lost them when I moved... but was very good quality and cheaper here than sporting stores
 Great training gloves, perfect fit and they are comfortable! Loved them!
 Worked as expected.  Purchased these for myself and a friend who just got back into training
 Good
 Bought these for my girlfriend for a 6 week boxing boot camp.  We are now on our 2nd 6 week camp.  It would get five stars but I have a pair also and they are starting to come apart where the Velcro latches at the base of gloves.  Leather part of glove held up great.  Her pair are still in good shape.
 I got these gloves to use with the heavy bag. I'm just hitting for fitness. Not serious boxing. At first these gloves proved to be good. Combined with hand wraps, my hands didn't hurt after punching.<br/><br/>Now after about 2 months of use, once a week, I noticed the right glove seams are coming apart. They're coming apart at the at the outside of the wrist.<br/><br/>I'm still using them though. I just wish they didn't start to fall apart so soon.
 good
 Perfect for hitting the heavy bag with. I haven't used for anything else. I usually wear a size medium glove and these fit very well
 A
 Great service and product. Very happy with these gloves.
 Training tine
 Great gloves. Super comfortable. Fit is spot on. Everything I would expect from an everlast product. I use them for sparring and bag practice and they work perfect. A+
 Great product. I've been getting mad vicious on the bag for a while now and these gloves are holding up just fine. Easy to put on, and easy to take off.
 Never punch a wall, the paint will scuff onto the leather.
 Item as described!!
 Good gloves for punching bag and practising with mitts
 These gloves put a smile on juniors face for over a week now,  good quality construction. I didn't realize what a pair of gloves did for a 13 year olds energy, much better than the tablet.
 Awesome- I love everything about these gloves. They do have a smell to them right out of the box, but leave them out for about a week and it will go away. Nothing major. The quality is spot on, they are comfortable and stay on when being used against a heavy bag. i would recommend them to anyone.
 These help me hit things when I don't want to break my hands.  I really appreciate the cushion that it offers, and it seems to still hurt other things.  5 stars!
 THESE HAVE VENTS! I am new to boxing, but these are so much better than my other gloves. they keep your hands cool, and they don't get smelly as fast because the vents allow them to dry really easily.
 Love it, Best exercise equipment I own.
 Got the 14 oz size and do not recommend this size for boxing class.  Not enough padding to protect the knuckles.  Was hoping for a light weight glove that allowed better breath-ability (living in Arizona), but these were not the answer.
 Great boxing gloves. They are cheaper here than at stores the only difference.
 I like them a lot, they are very practical and light BUT there is a sign that says: "This product contains a chemical known to the state of California to cause birth defects or other reproductive harm"---- so like ??????? Why is this chemical allowed in the product then in the first place? Makes me scared to use it after I read it.
 all good
 The gloves have a gas odor. I have attempted to spray with Febreze. However. That didn't resolve the issue. I'm give two stars because I used them in a cardio exercise and really liked them.
 Has been a good pair of boxing gloves so far. Can't beat the price for a well known brand.
 Not good for bag boxing. I only used them 3x before getting new ones. Padding is minimal compared to other options. My fingers and knuckles were very sore after the first use and got worse. For a few dollars more you can get some excellent ones from Title Boxing that have significantly more padding
 I'm 160 lb at 5'6. I try to punch very hard, and with my bare hand, this feels soft on my hand. I don't feel pain and vibration on the knuckles. My wrist instead gets all the shock. The mesh surface on the palm vents my glove completely for the day after. It doesn't make any odor other than the smell of any new leather product.<br/>I'm satisfied.
 My husband and I buy this brand every 4 years.  They do the job good enough and they last about 4 years if you're using them every week at least once or twice a week.
 very good
 great quality
 These are amazing. Try fill.well, are comfortable and stay fresh and breathe well.
 so far so good.  the first pare of gloves all ready tearing.
 good
 Standard, durable training gloves. Ladies with small hands may  be swayed toward smaller sizes (8 or 12oz), however if you are a beginner, get 14oz for the extra padding. Once you get the hang of the punches, go for the lighter option.
 The sizing of the gloves is not remotely accurate. For potential buyers please try the gloves in person at a store before purchasing.<br/><br/>I have got the wrong size and now am stuck with it.
 Have held up very well from intermittent use since July. If you have issues with smell just use an old coat hanger to leave them up to dry after every use. I haven't noticed any smell like other users but that's because I hang these up everyday after a session.
 The gloves stinks so bad. I had them in my room, and came back next day to pick them up, the whole room is filled with this smell (leather/smoke)
 great product, material is good quality
 muy buenos
 Poorly made. I was already halfway through my workout before I realized these were already coming apart. They didn’t seem to be made well. Inspect before you wear em.
 Where's Mayweather?  I got something for him!  :)<br/><br/>Feel great, built solid, and no signs of failing.
 Have been using these for about a month four times a week for heavy bag work and sparring. Are doing the job. Can't say how long they will last but so far so good.
 I'm a total novice who just likes to punch the bag at the gym from time to time, or do light sparring with a friend. These (black, 12 weight) are perfect for that. No frills, just punching. Haven't managed to hurt my hands with these on and a good handwrap, so I'm happy.<br/>Also I have hella weak arms and these are a fine weight for me (I'd never bought gloves before and I was unclear about this subject), so chicken-armed beginners, fear not!
 I got this for my bf who started practicing martial arts, they look great, got the 12oz because it said that is good for practicing in the punching bag. They are in a good price range for when you are starting with those kind of sports and dont want to spend a lot of money
 I did not think they smelled funny right out of the box like most review's state. So i was excited about that. But overall, I was not impressed by them. I feel like a walking billboard while wearing them. I have long skinny fingers so they fit okay length wise, but my wrists are tiny and are swimming in them. It would be nice if the wrist strap was more adjustable. I had to buy wrist wraps so that was an added expense which I was not happy about.
 These gloves are not terrible for $15 or less; the reason they get 2 stars is because of the weak wrist support and the misleading pics. Amazon has pics of 12 different gloves with all sorts of different makes under this product. The initial one is accurate, these are the new style 'pro' gloves with the elastic wrist band rather than the old vinyl or leather wrap that gave support. A cost cutting measure to use less expensive material I'm sure.<br/><br/>I bought the previous generation 'pro gloves' from 2008 and even now, 5 years later they offer better wrist support than the new ones. Do not hit anything with these without wrapping your wrists well! 180" wraps, no BS.<br/><br/>I plan to return these and put that money towards some better made budget gloves under $50 - either a better made pair of everlasts, maybe some ryval or venums, kofightgear I hear makes good inexpensive gloves, I think any of these would be a better investment than these. Then again for $15, they are tempting to keep, but i know id try to use them as i would a better made glove, likely with bad results. Protect your wrists folks, those injuries tend to compound.
 Love these gloves,  good for training  and sparring. Thumb is stitched to glove
 Awesome! Flawless A+++
 The gloves fit great and I like that they felt light weight. Had to send back due to bad smell of the plastic. Could not get rid of smell and could not keep gloves in my house where I need them to use them.
 They work great for sparring and bag work.  Have used for many months and have held up very well.  $10 cheaper on Amazon than local sporting goods store.  Pleased with this purchase.
 Read the recommended weight and choose the smaller ones, the sizing chart on the gloves did not match the one on the site, other people have posted pictures of the sizing, use them. great product
 Been using these babies for 2 years now, they can take a beating! Only issue was one of the straps came apart and I had to have it stitched back, been working great again. Offer decent protection against bagwork, make sure you wrap up though.
 I use these gloves from time to time, glad that they are comfortable enough and padded enough to not hurt my hands, had another cheap pair that would leave my knuckles bleeding. Glad I purchased these.
 The ones I received weren't in the best condition but like always with everlast if you are looking for some cheap decent gloves these are a pretty good purchase. I beat my son all night with them and they stayed together! unlike when I beat my wife all night! Thanks everlast!
 I got these for kickboxing and they worked well relative to other cheaper gloves I have had. I have owned a couple of pairs of boxing gloves for basic training and sparring with these being on par with the quality of the other gloves I have owned. The only issue I take with these gloves is the elastic along the wrist is separating from the Velcro. It didn't come completely apart but it appears they will fall apart quicker than my last pair.<br/><br/>Pro:<br/>They're boxing gloves<br/><br/>Con:<br/>Falling apart sooner than previous pairs
 I like them a lot so far...have only had for a week, but am beginning learning how to punch a heavy bag.  I wish there was a better guide somewhere on sizes.  I am a 5'4" female with really long but skinny hands.  I ordered the 14 oz because I was worried about the length.  It's a little big around but seems to fit well in the length.  I may try wrapping my hands to fill the space.<br/><br/>BUT the quality of these is very high!  They're heavy-duty and have a lot of padding.  I like the mesh on the inside.
 I like these gloves a lot because they are comfortable and durable. Besides that, they were relatively cheap to buy which is a big plus! I use these at the gym on the heavy bag at least 2-3 days a week. I wish the glove was a little tighter around the fist so that your hand doesn't slip/move as much inside the glove.
 Just received mine today and I'm not impressed. They look so cheap and like they're already breaking. I wish I had gotten another brand or maybe a way more expensive kind. Guess you get what you pay for.
 Good product!
 You get what you pay for.  These are fairly cheap gloves and listed as Level 1 at most sporting goods stores.  I use them for hitting a heavy bag and they work fine for that.  They are not a full wrap velcro so if you have smaller wrists you will need a wrap or the gloves will slide around a lot.
 For the price you really can't get better.  A lot of the elitist who like to pretend like they know martial arts gear say that Everlast isn't as good as Hyabusa or Venum, &amp; that is true, but for the price these are great.
 Making it red in a tread
 Very good gloves for the price. I use them for a heavy bag workout and they work just fine.
 Well made, comfortable. I waited for months to review these gloves, and can attest that they are durable as well. I use the Muay Thai Boxing Inner Gloves Protective Hand Wrap as a liner to help keep the gloves dry and clean up the remaining sweat with old socks. Very pleased with these gloves.
 Great gloves for a heavy bag workout. I have to wear these with wraps to get a good fit up in the knuckles personally, but I haven't had the same knuckle pain I've gotten using some other gloves, even some meant for heavy bag workouts.
 Awesome product, works great, fits awesome, shipped fast, packaged great!
 Perfect for kickboxing classes
 My gloves ripped in under a month.  I reached out to Everlast because they are backed by a 120-day warranty, but it has been a week and they have not responded.  I would go with a different brand.
 Sparred with them. Works great. Has a bit of a smell to them. Like bunt oil. Seems to be going away. Great price and works great. Pretty comfortable has a rope inside to help pull tight. Great feature.
 The gloves don’t smell that great and they’re not as ergonomic as others but the gloves do what they’re supposed to, not bad for their price.
 I bought these for my husband who got a late after Christmas gift of a punching bag. He was punching it without gloves and I didn't want his hands to get rough and sore.I ordered these and he loves them. They are just the right size and weight for him (I googled the proper weight) to get a great workout while protecting his hands.
 They do the job.  I use for boot camp boxing training.
 these gloves are great and come brand new with  an appreciated boxing workout on the inside back of the gloves bag. very nice. bottom line i would definetly recomend this to a freind.
 I rate them pretty poor because the Velcro gives way after about 5 months of regular use.<br/>The Velcro on my gloves isn't dirty and looks like it's still in great shape but it just won't hold while I'm using them. It's terribe. I'd stay away from this glove.
 I bought these for donation. They're pretty weak, maybe ok for bag gloves. Pay the extra $10 and upgrade
 Exactly what  I was looking for! They work great for my son's kickboxing class. I took someone's advice from the other reviews and got the 12 oz since they are for hitting the bag. Thank you for that advice because these are the perfect weight, yet durable enough.
 Love the weight of the gloves, and they's amazing to train with. I definitely feel the difference when I compare these to my 14oz gloves.<br/><br/>The only uncomfortable thing for me is the length of the glove for the arms. Then again this is a personal preference of mine, and I have smaller hands, so I can't take a star off for that.
 The straps are too short and cut off your wrist circulation. Do not buy this unless you're willing to cut of the straps and have no glove grip around your wrists.
 I am an average size male. These fit well. I've used them about 10 times so far and they are holding up. My only complaint is that they smell of a strong burnt rubber. So bad that I can't bring them into my house because after a few minutes the room begins to stink like burnt rubber. I keep them in my car trunk now. Nobody else at the gym has this issue.
 While these gloves work fine, they came with a horrible chemical smell on them that takes over whatever area you stick them in. I've soaked them for hours to get the smell out and it is only now going away. I can't see how these are safe with such a smell- but I will use them until I get cancer on my skin lol
 Have had them just a short while and had to sew the wrist straps so they wouldn't fall off the glove.  one side last longer than the other but both had to be sewed.
 Solid pair that will last!
 great
 I've used these gloves for about 4 months now - and they are great for the price! I bought the 14 oz gloves, and they fit my hands quite snugly. If you have larger hands, I'd suggest larger sizes.<br/>The gloves are quite rugged and have barely shown any sign of wear &amp; tear as on date. I'm learning Muay Thai and am quite regularly punching bags as well as sparring with friends. The gloves are perfect for a combination of bags and sparring.
 Sounds aggressive, but putting these gloves on makes you want to hit something. Long day, Jab. Boring staff meetings, Uppercut. Spouse and kids constantly complaining, Combination. In laws coming over, you should run and hide. Otherwise buy these gloves and relieve some stress and get healthy.<br/>Also don't forget sizing. You want tightness, but not cutting off circulation.
 Last for awhile before the straps on it rip but luckily I know how to sow😐 and they smelled like hard core gasoline and still do😟 oh well I've fixed them still use them.
 These seem to be working out fine. I've only worn them once (for kickboxing) but my Trainer thinks they will be great for my purposes, and they seemed to fit okay. (I got the 12oz and I am 5'7" 125lbs.) The most notable thing is, THEY ARE SMELLY. Like, some crazy weird synthetic smell, from the moment I took them out of the package. I actually had to leave them out of my gym bag for awhile to air out. When my husband came in later, he was like "Whoa! There is some WEIRD SMELL in the office!!!" And I was like "It's my new boxing gloves." It took days for them to be tolerable, and even now I can't leave them in an enclosed space for long. I've only had them for about a month though, so hopefully it will go away in time. The shared boxing gloves at the gym REALLY stink (like old sweat) so I guess I'd rather have "new boxing glove smell" instead!
 My husband loves his boxing gloves
 Love it, been boxing for a while and this was one of the good gloves I have bought
 Good price, work well.
 Good boxing gloves for one starting to hit a heavy bag. Reasonably priced.
 Great for the price, definitely recommended for beginner/intermediate boxers.
 good quality. for training and for kickboxing. they fit great and your hand its really comfort while using it.
 I had to return it because I couldn't get rid of that synthetic, chemical smell. I kept venting them but it didn't help. The smell was sickening.
 I bought it for a Cross-fit class I signed up for recently, and it serves the purpose. It's a bit smelly (plastic), and I think it's a little big? I got the 12oz and I'm 5'6" 145lbs. I'm not sure if the 10oz would have been better? It also doesn't have as much padding as I thought it would -maybe maybe that's the way it's supposed to be? I do like that it's easy to put on and take off, even with a glove on the other hand, and the ventilated palms.<br/><br/>Overall, I'm satisfied with the purchase.
 Everlast Gloves wear out fast. The inside liner always rips; the foam starts to come out threw the rips, within the first week in one case. I've gone threw several pairs of gloves from Everlast, but for the price they're okay.
 I got these gloves when I joined a boxing workout class.  The gloves are well made and do a good job of protecting your hands.  It is a little tricky getting them on and off after you have one glove already on.
 These things came shipped right from the mothball factory it seems. The odor was pretty strong and I had to air them out for a few days before using them. Other than that they are ok for your basic sparring gloves. They look a little cheap but then again they were cheap.
 I bought these as a pair of gloves I could lend to friends who wanted to spar with me.  Everlast is not something I would wear for myself though.  The construction is good for the price, but you pay for what you get.
 Great gloves, I'm not a boxer just got them so my brother and I could beat the s*** out of each other without it hurting as much as hitting with bare fists. Fun to use. Only problem is that hands get hot really quickly with the gloves on but that would happen with all gloves like these.
 Solid boxing gloves.  I have only used these on my leather everlast heavy bag in my basement, and they have held up perfectly so far.  There is no damage showing, and they don't even smell.  I'd buy these again if i ever need another pair.
 Just using on pushing bag but have held up great and nice fit.
 I grew out of my 8 oz. gloves so I purchased the red 12 oz. gloves. They're perfect! I can also fit my hand wraps in them because I wasn't able to fit my hand wraps in my last pair (which is bad). The gloves have mesh material on the inside so they can breath easier after training but I still suggest using glove dogs after your workout. I'm very concerned about the smell though. They smell kind of like moth balls. So I also suggest washing your hands afterwards (in case it's anything bad). I hate the smell but other than that, I think these will work! I can't wait to start boxing in September!
 Great gloves fit nicely for being a girl with small hands. A good tip after using these gloves take a disinfectant wipe and wipe the inside and outside so they don't start smelling. Do this every time you use them. Then put a dryer sheet in each glove.
 Good pad, decent wrist support, and lots of leeway for wrist size, seem true to weight, better color than I expected- I don't want my gloves getting mixed up with others' on the gym floor- these are nice bright saturated blue. Hate the thumb tether, but it's pretty standard for gloves in general. Use: light sparring and heavy bag.
 I have bought these gloves at the end of October 2011.<br/>I box 4 times (Heavy bag, sparring) per week and use 2 pairs of gloves (so I use each pair twice per week).<br/>Today these gloves are starting to tear on the sides and on the inside.<br/>Plus, the "hook &amp; loop" ties are too short and don't take up when you punch too heavy.<br/>Don't waste your money buying them - put $20 or $30 more and buy Ringside, or Rival- brand.<br/>Update on April 27th: the "dense two-layer foam sandwich" (as they call it) is beginning to fall apart - piece by piece !<br/>By the way, don't believe the things about preserving from bad odors - these gloves stink. I'm very very disappointed about them - never buy Everslast' gloves again.
 Bought for my kickboxing program which I go to 3x a week. Effective I think. Obviously there are better, high quality gloves out there but these seem fine for some low commitment workouts.
 a
 Wanna get started in training and NOT commit? Then these are ok.<br/>After that, a complete joke... they might Look the part, but your hands WILL GET HURT as soon as you start training seriously.<br/>Don't skimp on price here... get the good stuff. Your hands are too precious!
 I brought two pairs of these gloves, one for me and one for my husband.  The smell took a little bit of getting use to, and even after a few months if you really sniff it, you can still smell the manufacturing smell.  We both train 2x/ week and now the seams that hold the elastic wrap to the Velcro is breaking and the elastic wrap is starting to come off one of the left hand.  The other pair is doing okay.<br/><br/>It is past the return date for Amazon and they won't do anything about it.  Everlast, the company it self won't do anything about it because it is a few days past their 120day warranty, even though it is clearly a workmanship defect.  Everlast.... more like NEVERlast. I would not be buying another pair from Everlast.
 The gloves were good quality, butter way to big for my female hands.  The seller was very helpful getting the return processed.  I would buy again if i could figure out the right size.
 Nice Pair of gloves for the price.
 Good for price. Start to smell bad quickly
 These gloves are mostly good, but for some reason the right glove has something odd that makes it very uncomfortable while you're hitting the bag. Unfortunately it didn't become a constant problem until after the return date had passed. The construction is good, but the problem with the right glove, seems like internal padding problem, has gotten worse. I will probably have to replace them.
 Perfect for exactly the type of gloves they are
 Definitely happy with these gloves! Only had the chance to use them a few times as of late but highly recommend them. Fit great feel awesome and the blue and green is sick
 Amazing product, brother loves them . Sturdy and Easy to put on
 This review is for the 14 oz version of the gloves, though most of it will apply to all sizes.  I bought the gloves a few weeks ago and use them twice a week, alternating with a second pair.  I would have given these gloves 4 stars but for one big problem --&gt; the hook and loop closures around the wrist are almost impossible to close with a glove on the other hand.  Let me clarify: putting the first glove on is not a problem; your free hand is not encumbered by a glove so you can use it to pull and close the wrist strap.  But now slip the second glove on and try to close the strap.  I can't do it.  I have to hold the strap in my teeth before I put the glove on and use my mouth to tighten it.  Removing it poses a similar issue.  Maybe it's just my own inability to handle this, but the other pair of gloves I have dont pose the same problem simply because of where the strap attaches to the glove.  It is easier to access and tighten.<br/><br/>Aside from that, given the price point, I have no issues with these.  No, they wont last as long as leather gloves, but they didnt cost as much either.  I use them for heavy bag work and they perform admirably (once I get them on lol)
 These are only my second pair of training gloves but they are so comfortable. I don't curl my fist at an awkward position, which is nice so I don't have to worry about injuries. I would definitely recommend to a beginner or even intermediate kickboxer.
 Got these to practice on my punching bag at home. They work great! They're easy to put on and off. I was skeptical of the smell mentioned by other reviewers, but I haven't noticed any weird smell, or at least not yet
 The gloves work fine. They do smell badly, like other reviewers have pointed out. Also, one of the straps is tearing off after several months of 3x week use...there goes "everlast."
 We had these gloves for five years until they were destroyed when our home flooded. They fit my hands and my husband's rather larger hands comfortably. They were easy to get on and off and didn't need to be constantly adjusted when in use. We used them with a standing training bag. Once a week I would wipe them down with a damp cloth and hit them with some Lysol inside and out. No issues ever with these gloves.
 good quality<br/>bur the cotton pad is is not like the professional gloves<br/>but really it's worth it and is just fine  for the beginner<br/>and the price is unbeatable
 If you want to try boxing and expect to quit within 2-3 months, then these gloves are for you. The wrist clings don't work well, there's way too much room inside, the breathable mesh rips, and the padding goes flat.
 I recently began boxing classes and everyone, even the coach, has a pair of Everlast gloves. These aren't the high end ones but for the price and quality they can't be beat. Made for a great work out with gloves that fit right. Use the sizing chart for reference and you should have a great fit. I absolutely recommend these gloves for any beginner wanting a decent pair of training gloves.
 awesome quality, very satisfied
 Just as advertised - 12 oz gloves with a good amount of padding for heavy bag work or light sparring. Agree with other reviewers that the "gasoline" smell is pretty heavy. My solution was to store the gloves in a bag with some loose leaf tea overnight ... didn't completely get rid of the smell but definitely helped!
 a gift for family.
 Definitely not for frequent, heavy use. These things destroyed my knuckles even when wrapping my hands to try and combat it.
 Excellent
 Great product. Well constructed and fits well. They did have a terrible plastic odor for about a month tho when we first got them. Have used them weekly for about a year and have held up well.
 Nice gloves
 these are solid gloves and are easy to put on and take off as it has valcro instead of laces.  they are a little hard so will hurt if you get hit by somebody who has real power.  just a tad softer than the 14 oz gloves.  after using once a week for 2 months (30-minute sparring sessions and rinsing and air drying afterwards), the inside lining started to rip and color of the everlast logo started to fade.  but, for the price, it is decent.
 perfect size and protection!
 One of my son's Christmas presents!  He loved them!  They are really a nice beginner glove!  The price was right too!
 Seem like fine gloves, but the plasticizer stink never goes away from them.  It is really strong.  If I were buying again, I'd get something a little better quality.
 Worked well. I use them about once a week on the heavy bag. My hands are pretty average sized, and they fit well.
 The item picture IS inaccurate in case you're wondering. There are two main types of Everlast pro style training gloves.<br/><br/>One style is slightly larger and softer for beginners. If you want these, look for gloves whose hook and loop velcro is the SAME color as the glove.<br/><br/>The other style, feature in this review is for advanced striking and is smaller and more compact. These gloves have a grey hook and loop or a color other than that of the glove(unless the glove itself is grey).<br/><br/>Both gloves weigh the exact same but the regular pro style gloves have more room for hand wraps, and are usually a few bucks more. I've progressed from one glove to the next in a little under a year, and I would recommend starting with the regular because its designed to be safer.
 Lightweight and comfortable.  Very happy with them
 Received the set of gloves only to discover that they do not look like the gloves shown. After further research those shown are the Everlast Pro Style Elite gloves. They still work fine, but want to give others a heads up.
 Great gloves if you're just starting out. Dont listen to these other reviews about how they smell. It just smells like the gloves material, which is vinyl. Its not over powering or anything unbearable. The gloves come with the thumb spot locked in place with a thin cord, so when you punch your thumb is in the right posisition, but if you dont like that you can simply cut it how I did. Great gloves overall.
 these gloves don't have enough padding like other reviews have mentioned --- it's not horrible but not as comfortable as it should be
 These feel great, look great, and hold up to quite a bit of abuse.The only thing I wasn't thrilled with was my left glove had a thick stitch at the tip of the glove, making the inside of the glove feel a little odd. This stitch wasn't present in my friend's pair, and it hasn't affected my performance. It's just one of those things that if you pay attention to it, it can bug you.<br/><br/>Overall, they're great gloves, and I'd definitely recommend them to any starting boxers.
 Awesome gloves, fit very well.
 I bought these gloves for my 10yr old son for his Muay Thai training and they were just too big for him.  I will have to return them and purchase 8oz gloves for him.  But the quality was pretty good and they seemed well padded.
 Not as full at other 12 oz gloves, but for the price they are a good deal. Will suffice for kickboxing style classes.
 boyfriend loves them!
 These were comfortable, but the stitching around the velcro started to come apart after a couple of months of regular use. Other than that, I liked them; I will replace them with a different brand.
 I have used them for only a month and a half and they're already breaking down badly. I used the Monday through Friday on bag work.
 Good one!
 I'm just getting into bixing. I use these gloves when training with my boyfriend. I don't know much about boxing but so far so good.
 I love these gloves. I just started boxing and my trainer recommended these to me. They're affordable and well made. I'm also very pleased that it can with a netted carrying case. I pop in my keys and wraps along with the gloves and run to the gym without worrying about extra bags or pockets.
 I'm new to boxing/karate and was looking for an expensive set of gloves for use with my heavy bag.  These, along with a pair of Everlast gel wraps seem to be just the ticket.  With the gel wraps and gloves, I seem to have sufficient wrist support, and I can hit very hard and not injur my hands.
 These glove suck for the price I use them but only because I didn't know what real gloves felt like. But thee things will tear your hands up. Avoid and go with something like a ringside or title glove the hyabusa gloves are also very good.
 Bought these as a replacement for the ones my dog ate - this are perfect for smaller hands. Just double check the oz size before purchasing.
 Works great. Perfect gloves for training.
 Took a chance on these because of the good reviews, but there are several problems with these gloves; as others have stated....they smell of chemicals new out of the box- strongly- in fact they stink.  The smell was enough to give me a headache after just a few minutes of use, but that isn't their only flaw. The pair I received has shoddy stitching on the right glove, and it doesn't even fit the same way as the left.<br/><br/>The sizing is also completely wrong for a glove of this type, and I have never had this problem before with any other type of bag or sparring glove of any brand- until now.  the glove is the correct size for my fingers and hands (at least the glove that is stitched correctly)..the wrist of the gloves however goes nearly down to my elbows, no other brand has done that; so the wrist isn't stable even with wraps- causing pain even with a short workout. In summation- these gloves are deformed...badly stitched, incorrectly sized, at least in the 14 oz version- don't provide real protection for the wrists or knuckles. The foam is too dense and can bruise the knuckles even during a standard bag workout..and they smell...enough to it give me a headache,  Your experience may vary but im going to spend more and get a different brand, and the gel type of glove.  I doubt I will even give these away since I don't want anyone else to injure themselves trying to use them,  or have to put up with toxic smelling fumes...into the trash they go.  maybe they're worth a try for the price, but I wouldn't recommend it.
 the padding in these gloves are really nice, but the strap for the wrist should be a little longer for a tighter fit. would buy again thought for the comfort. Atlanta, GA.
 Gloves work ok but they reek!  Whatever cheap vinyl covering they used smells so strong and so bad I have to keep them outside.  Hope it goes away soon.  I could smell them through the amazon box when they were sitting on my doorstep.
 I use these boxing glove for training. It is still very strong and no worn and torn since i've purchased it a few months ago! It has a perfect fit!
 THEY SMELL HORRIBLE. The box smelled like gasoline, the gloves smell like gasoline, the whole house now smells like gasoline. Even after putting them outside for a few days, no luck in decreasing the smell. Had to return them. This must be toxic.
 I needed new gloves and had this brand's MMA gloves from 5 years ago that worked fine.  I bought the 12oz gloves and there isn't enough padding.  I wear wraps and I feel the shock when punching a bag.  I want to return these.  Don't buy these if you are used to something better.
 Good gloves for short money
 Good gloves, I bought them for my 10 year old and he loves them.
 I bought this for my niece who is in the PRrican federation of Boxing, they work great. The service was awesome, when they couldn't send it on time they made sure I was notified first and decide if I wanna continue with the purshase or not... For me that's a PLUS!Great service!. I'll certainly used them for future purshases!
 Great gloves even for beginners. I definitely recommend them (especially for 5'6, 140-170lbs women who are beginners.)
 Great quality!
 great gloves for beginners
 Great boxer training gloves. Exactly as advertised. They are used as props for my flipbook business and are the hit of the party.
 Love it, very flexible at the finger to allow some grappling, good cushion, fits youths and adults. would highly recommend.
 Excellent!
 feels weird on hands, barely any wrist support
 great for beginners
 I use these for a kickboxing class I go to once a week.  I'm not a professional in any way.  The 12 ounce are fine for me.  I can put on hand wraps and then put these on.  There's still some room but I like it that way because it lets the air flow through and I can easily put them off and take them off by myself.
 Great gloves. I used these for my first time boxing and they work like A charm. My hands were quite soar the next day, but that could be a mixture of me hitting too hard, and me never having boxed before!! Anyway, I recommend buying these with some hand wraps to soften the blow a little bit. Otherwise, great buy!
 Great material and workmanship!
 I bought these gloves for heavy bag training and Krav Maga. They are excellent! It will take a couple hours on the bag to 'break them in' just because the outside material will be tight being new. The padding is enough to protect the hands no matter how hard you hit, as well as for light sparring.<br/>Only con is that your hands will heat up quickly in these unless you take them off every so often. I would recommend not tightening the velcro all the way unless you are seriously fighting or sparing.
 Product is a good value  for the price.  Looks like it's well made and feels good.  In terms of how long it will last only time will tell
 love them...
 Awesome
 good
 Great mitts they are very durable!!
 Love these gloves! Just started at a boxing gym and these work perfect for the bag or to hit against mits.
 They are good but smaller than expected - wrist size. I bought them for my dad and he does use them but has trouble securing Velcro on both gloves.
 Good product just has a weird smell that won't go away
 Nice set of gloves.  We will see how they last, but not using them but 1-2 times a week.
 Superb professional style heavy bag gloves. Use the 2x per week on heavy, mma bags. Excellent quality
 Fit great. Stinky smell on them but left them outside to "air out" and it went away.
 I bought 2 pair of gloves ad I'm really happy with them. the material if great and the quality is really good! definitely would buy again and I highly recommend it to anyone who wants a pair boxing gloves... the price is another plus!
 Perfect quality and product
 These gloves hav the worst smell ever!!!! They have some kind of chemical smell to them that don't seem to go away, I have them in my garage and it's been weeks but the smell is still there, it's so bad that I don't even want to wear them against someone. I purshased a red pair from Sears and they Do Not have that smell so I'm not sure why these ones from Amazon smell like that but I will NEVER but gloves from here again, STAY AWAY from these gloves !!!! Pay the extra money from a store because it's worth it, again, STAY AWAY from buying these gloves.
 I had originally gave these gloves 5 stars. They seemed to be really good quality at first glance. But after a few uses I am already experiencing problems. The mesh on the inside of the gloves are suppose to help with odor, allowing your hands to breath. But the mesh isn't very durable gets snagged on the gloves velcro strap. The strap is my other concern. the elastic piece that stretches to make the gloves tight isn't holding up. it is slowly tearing away from the gloves. Overall it is an okay product for the price but definitely not great.
 Would not purchase these again. We bought these for Christmas for our sons, and they sparred with them a couple times now the tab that velcros them closed is tearing off. These should last for more than 30 minutes of play, waste of my money.
 These gloves are an amazing deal. I highly recommend them for someone training or just starting out. They fit great, and are made well. Great deal!
 Great pair of gloves for the price, only con really is I would say is they could use a little more padding, but again, for that price, they're great.
 I bought these gloves to hit the heavy bag and practice my Krav Maga when I'm not using my Harbinger MMA style gloves. I can't speak to the durability of these gloves because I've had them a week and only used them once but they seem decent.  They do the job with protection and the mesh ventiliation allows for some cooling (if that's possible with wraps).  I would recommend these gloves.  I like the velcro because I can use my teeth to get the second glove on.  As others have mentioned, the only downside is the smell.  Holy smokes they smell like they were forged by mutants in a radioactive toxic waste dump and have the ability to easily stink up a small non-ventilated space, even when not in use.  I'm hoping that fades over time and my better smelling BO takes over.  Put these gloves on, wear your three wolf shirt to the gym, and don't be surprised when the ladies start throwing their phone numbers at you.
 You are basically getting what you paid for. I've used this product less than a month, and it is already starting to wear. Threads are starting to come out. It doesn't have great protection, so make sure you wear hand wraps first. I have almost sprained my wrist a couple times. I was hoping to return this product, but unable to do so now.
 I love these gloves. They are very nice gloves, They are very comfortable and look really well put together. They last a very long time and they are just really good product, I highly recommend this product to anyone just starting out or looking to just purchase new gloves
 I have absolutely no boxing experience but i decided to start hitting an old century wavemaster that ive had since i did karate as a kid. This glove seemed reasonably priced so i ordered the 14 oz. and they do a good job protecting my hands while hitting the bag and after getting used to putting on and adjusting them they became pretty comfortable.<br/><br/>Overall im satisfied with the purchase and ill probably end up buying a pair of the pink woman's version for my girlfriend too
 Packaged great, and love the gloves!
 Unlike other reviews, I didn't have a strong smell of my new gloves. They are awesome and fits great.
 Good quality
 The name really is ironic. I've only had these for about 9 months, and barely have used them. Nothing too high impact, and I don't see how I could have used them incorrectly. Simply put- they're garbage. See attached.
 I have no idea what kind of plastic was used but smells terrible!
 Best $20 i have ever spent. Have not had a problem with them at all. Provide excellent support for the rest and protection for the nuckles. Every color besides red was about $50 and I can see why definitely worth $20
 Everlast Quality ❤️
 When I punch things, my hands don't break.  Also...you could punch your hands together to look tough.  Wear them at buffets and people will get out of your way.
 i love it
 I bought these for my husband.  The quality is excellent and they are comfortable to wear.  Unfortuanately, my husband decided that he really needs the 16oz instead of the 14oz, but he said these are still useable and he DOES use them a few times a week. He uses them for punching bag only.
 A+++
 These work great for my 10 year old who trains and boxes regularly out of a gym. I was going to give a 4 rating but my son said," they deserve 4 1/2," so since he's the one that uses them, here you go.
 Been using these for a month now and am ready to provide a review.<br/>The gloves (16oz) are very well made. I hit a 100lb heavy bag for about 3 hours a week and there no issues. They fit well even if you double wrap your hands. The everfresh feature keeps them smelling new. The protection is perfect for bag training and the price can't be beat.
 My rockem sockem daughter gives these five stars.  She's adept at punching her brothers when they get out of line, so she should know.
 They are very smelly when you first pull them out of the packaging but they are comfortable and great for training.  I am 6' 4" and the 14oz fit my hands comfortably.  The smell fades with use.
 Awesome!
 Great set of entry level gloves. Durable and comfortable.
 Good purchase.
 Excelent producto
 My kid really liked these!
 My 7-year-old son is taking karate and asked for a punching bag for Christmas, so we got these gloves to go with it.  They are very nice gloves, sturdy and they fit my hands (adult female), but my son can slide his hands into the curve and use them quite well, in fact, all the kids in the family take turns using them. The whole project turned out very well, everyone is interested in the punching bag and everyone can wear the gloves.  I am happy with the gloves, I wanted a serious pair of gloves for some serious work outs.  For myself, I might get something bigger/stronger later on, but for now, these protect everyone's hands quite well and ensure good form.  They look and feel professional, they are not "kiddie gloves" and my son feels "cool" putting them on.  I am very happy with them.
 Gift for another person who is very satisfied with the item.
 After reading the reviews and product information, I selected the 12oz gloves due to working on the heavy bags. When I got my gloves I was excited, but after using them in three sessions now I've experience pain while punching. I haven't had this happen with other gloves and I'm not experienced enough to know whether this is normal with new gloves.
 Great quality and size. Love the price!
 Very durable, worked with them over  a year and still landed well. You have to watch out for the velcro strap, if you stretch it to far it might rip.
 These are by far the best gloves I have ever bought. They are extremely comfortable and smell great! Anyone who likes some quality gloves would love these
 the gloves feel good. The mesh on the hands is perfect and lets the hands get some air. There is only a problem with the chemical smell from the materials made. other than the strong chemical smell the gloves are perfect for light training.
 I love red gloves
 Pretty cheap and small. Poor wrist support.
 Great quality. Been using them for about a month on heavy bags at he gym. Contrary to what other people have said, there is no smell what so ever.
 I don't have any complaints about the smell like some others which was a worry of mine when I got it. At first it was noticeable like any new product of this material but is dissipating like a new car smell world. I use these out in my detached garage with no air so they get some serious stress/sweat on these 90+degree days I've had these under 2 months and no strange smell. No complaints about the gloves.
 Great gloves!
 Started a kickboxing class and these gloves have been perfect so far.
 I've used these for 2 weeks (5 times total). The velcro strap is already falling apart. These are not worth the price. Cheap product. Buyer beware.
 Stitching is coming loose after just 6 uses.
 These gloves are great. I wish I would have purchased the 16oz but, that's my mistake.
 Feels good and looks good. Use these for about 5 months now and no tear or cracks yet. Good material!
 I just started a kickboxing class a few weeks ago so I'm not an expert gloves but I must say that I'm quite surprised that these have so many good reviews...<br/><br/>These are VERY stiff and the material is obviously cheap - including the padding. After the first use my fingers were sore - which NEVER happened before I put these on. After the second use? Bruised ring finger on my right hand. I'm sure I share the blame, still learning proper form and technique on a bag but I still don't think that's supposed to happen.<br/><br/>Also another seemingly small thing that made a HUGE difference during my workouts were that they fasten on the bottom of your wrist as opposed to over the top, making it very difficult to grab onto the tab to unfasten when you have a glove on.<br/><br/>I would chalk it up to the fact that they're cheap but I was able to find a pair for only $2 more that are WAY more comfortable and better made than these. I'm voting 1 star in efforts to save others from wasting time and money on these, go with Sanabul's instead.
 Awesome quality. They can really take a beating.
 Nice gloves ! My favorite brand !!!!
 Good for beginners. Use it for heavy bag and conditional sparring. They ripped after few trainings.
 I bought these gloves for my 12 year old, and they work really well for him.  His dad can also wear these gloves just fine and they work good for him.  Even though these gloves are really nice for my son to practice boxing on his punching bag, I was disappointed with how badly they stunk.  I kept them in my garage for a couple months because they stunk up my living room.  I have had them about 3 months now, and they no longer stink.
 Simple and clean look. Comfortable and good for punching stuff.
 They are great, they feel great.<br/>I havent noticed the smell everybody is talking about and i dont want. So i put baking soda inside it to prevent bad smells, thats an option you can try.<br/>I have made some sparring and they are great!
 The family who boxes together .... :)<br/>Bought these (4 of them ) because they were so much more reasonably priced than other and I needed many pairs. But when we got them we found them to be really nice.
 I love these boxing gloves. They are a little stiff when you first wear them, but they break in and conform to your hand, your movements, your boxing style within a few uses. The Velcro closures are easy to use, and the padding inside is adequate for amateur boxing or boxers who are new to the sport and still learning the basics. I use them as part of a workout with a trainer, so I wanted gloves that had some weight to them to give my arms some strength conditioning as well. Between the handwraps and the padding in the gloves, I was able to protect and stabilize my hands even during some hard hits. The price point is reasonable if you are new to boxing and aren't sure if you're going to stick with it. I will definitely buy a new set when these wear out.<br/><br/>Recommended for: Amateur boxing, kickboxing, novice boxers
 Great
 good gloves worth the price, use them a few times per week
 A great product for the price. I don't have high expectations for this product, nor have a need for professional use. I need a pair for working the bag and these gloves work great.
 I do muay thai kickboxing, so I prefer brands like Twins and Fairtex and I always perceived Everlast to be eh... meh brand.  These gloves are quite awesome however.  They fit extremely well and the wrist support is phenomenal.  I highly recommend them for beginners for their wrist support.
 Fun toy to mess with my brother with
 The Gloves had a tear in them when I recieved them, something I think should be checked and looked over before they shipped the products out, could have happen in shipping I don't know but the location of the tear I didn't think so, but I can say Amazon accepted the return with no problem. Also the gloves were a really tight fit for a 16 oz gloves, I ended up re-purchasing from Amazon and got the Protex2 Training Gloves for $18 more but they fit much better. Would not reccomend the Everlast Pro Style Training Glove if you have fairly large hands, my hands are not really huge but average size for a man.
 Best gloves I ever have i recoment this for everyone.
 Meh. The new Everlast. My boxing coach would have thrown these in the trash.
 Hated them, to big.
 These gloves contain a chemical that can cause birth defects, according to the tiny label on the bag. They smell like gasoline (I must assume this is the dangerous chemical). It is very disappointing a major company like Everlast would choose to launch a product with a known major health concern.
 These training gloves are working well for me in my kickboxing classes.  They arrive on time and started using them and it is comfortable and lightweight.  I recommend these gloves to people who are looking to have their owned gloves for kickboxing classes.
 The reviews commenting on the smell of these gloves are not overstated. They do have a stink to them and quite a powerful one. They were however cheap and the cushioning is decent. If you're looking for gloves with great wrist support this is not them. They provide adequate support for the wrist but a wrap that goes all the way around the wrist will provide better support.
 Pretty good for the price.  Been using it for a few months now and really like it.  Only issue I have is, it doesn't allow me to wrap my thump around the clenched fist.  Sometimes I accidentally hit the bad the wrong way and hurt my thumb.  I could be doing something wrong.  Easy to clean.  No bad odors.  Decent wrist support, but wish there was more.  Overall a very good product for a beginner.
 The padding is a little weak and the wrist wrap portion does not encircle the glove. But overall the quality of the gloves are good. I use them daily.
 Second pair I buy.  Love how they feel. Nice for people like me who are just hitting the heavy bag or sparring for fun and cardio. Only bad thing about them is the velcro gets stretch out more and more after every use.
 Great gloves and it can go through a beating when I use it!
 they are a little big and i still struggle to get them closed but they work for my ninja training
 The gloves are comfortable and durable but I'm giving it 2 stars because the plastic smells horribly from petroleum. Tried airing them out etc and the smell won't go away.
 Nice
 They smell a little when you first get them, but after you air them they aren't as bad.  A very good product that helps promote safety for anyone who trains either professionally or for hobby.
 After 10 uses, the stitching has come undone on the left glove.  I also cannot return this item any longer so it is now basically a door stop.
 Great price and perfect for a good heavy bag workout
 I am a female 5'7 beginner boxer who is used to work out a lot. These gloves are not comfortable,  when I punched I feel some strange tension in my neck specially with my left arm plus my wrists hurt easily. I feel that the padding is not enough not too mention the cheap material does not help. I have tried other gloves and I see a great difference I can punch none stop without any pain. If you want to kick ass as a female at the gym these are not for you.
 amazing gloves and it feels comfortable and my hands are well protected
 I been using this product consistently for around a year and half now, twice a week. Not on heavy bags, mainly mitts and sparring.<br/><br/>Product fits well for me, I don't have large hands though, your mileage may vary.<br/><br/>In terms of looks, the gloves have surprisingly retained their colors quite well. I probably don't wash them as often as I should, but the blacks and whites still look surprisingly clear. In terms of durability, the breathable mesh lining on the palm of the gloves are quite frayed by now, especially the seams where they join the leather of the glove. Everything still holds together, though the placement of the padding around the fingers no longer feel as firm or tight as they use to. I kind expected this though after heavy use. The Velcro closing on the bottom is also starting to tear off at this point, I estimate maybe about half a year more before I will need to replace these with another pair.<br/><br/>The Velcros are probably the biggest issue at this point both due to their lower durability in comparison to the rest of the glove, and also its ability to cut or burn your training partners, This is a small issue in my opinion, but it does happen frequently enough for it to be a thing.
 I purchased this for my husband as a Christmas gift and he loved it.
 My girlfriend and I bought these gloves after we started (and are loving) boxing classes.  We aren't crazy athletes, but are getting into great shape and this is a great sport for that.  I have the 16 oz., she has the 12 oz.  Really the only downside is that hers smell like (unconfirmed) petroleum-based rubber/plastic.  Even after 4 uses, that's all they smell like - so I suppose if that smell really bothers you, you'll hate them...but we don't mind.  Mine, the 16oz., didn't smell bad when I received them...so not sure what to say about that.  Overall, the gloves have provided good protection and work as expected, however she does wish she grabbed the 14 oz. for a bit more padding.  Get 'em, you'll like 'em if you are boxing for fitness!
 Over all this is a good product for people that are not so serious in training for martial arts or just need something to get started in a class. I bought these back in 2010 and thought I would review them now after beating them up for sometime. If you are like me and need gloves for serious training, I cannot recommend these to you. These gloves don't provide much support for your wrists, don't place your hands in a proper natural position and don't conform around your hands in a proper manner.<br/><br/>The padding is so stiff, that when you place your hand in a glove, the padding on the back of the glove doesn't wrap around your hand, instead it flares out (think of a cobra) and leaves a space between the material and your hand on the thumb and pinky sides of your hand. Because of the space on either side of your hand, the gloves have a tendency to move or slide around and you will find yourself having to re-adjust the straps constantly. I actually have had my right thumb slide out of the thumb of the glove and had to stop in the middle of a sparring round to adjust it. The velcro straps can get annoying, since they can come undone if you brush up against a partner and even stick to your clothes. Then there is the fact that they don't have anti-bacterial material inside which would keep the smell away (although this can be solved with any odor control product). Finally, the material is very cheap. The outside has a thin film cover (most likely vinyl) over the cloth material on the outside that peels and bubbles off and has a satin type interior, which tears and frays easily. This pair barely lasted three years of training (about 2 hours 3-5 days a week).<br/><br/>If you are looking for a glove to train seriously you will have to spend a bit more for better quality. Look into leather training gloves like the professional ones from Everlast, Rival, Title, Hayabusa or any other good name that makes leather gloves. I bought a pair of Rival leather sparring gloves that fit perfectly and have quality material both inside and out. They also, have laces that do come undone (rarely) and don't shift around like these do. The only thing these are good for is for someone who needs a weighted glove to do cardio training on a punching bag or pads. The only time I use these now, is when I'm on the punching bag or pads and need a weighted glove for extra difficulty.
 Like these a lot.  Fit great and of high quality.  They feel like they will last for a while, but I have no long-term usage to add to the review as of yet.  But I'd buy them again with what I know.
 I originally went with the 12 oz cloves to work the heavy bag but they were way to light. I dont go at it lightly so when i was done i had cuts on my knuckles they were sore. These did the trick.
 Great gloves for beginner boxers.  These gloves are not as cushioned as some other gloves, but it makes you focus on how your hit the bag more.  The heavy weight is great for building the muscles to be faster with the next upgrade in gloves down the line.  Plus you can't beat the price (I couldn't find them for any less than $30 in any store, but got them for less than $20 on amazon).  Definitely recommend them for anyone who wants to try boxing as an alternative workout.
 knuckle pains. Had to return and order another one with better cushion.
 We have not used them very much yet but they seem like they are built well.
 These are a great pair of  gloves for training from pre-teen to adult.
 I've been using these for 2-3 months and the wristband elastic is already starting to rip. Otherwise decent, cheap, comfortable gloves.
 Smelled like toxic chemicals filled the room. Couldn't be around them because of headaches. Couldn't get the smell off my hands with one wash.
 Bought these for my boyfriend and ended up trading them in for something with a better lining. He is a bigger guy and said they did not absorb the impact well and left some nasty welts on his hands that he had never experienced with another pair.
 Great glove for bag work, sparring, and just about everything. Really love the evercool mesh as it keeps your hands from getting too hot during prolonged use
 They fit well, they hit well and they feel tip top.  That being said I have to keep them in the garage, because any other room was consumed by the smell.  It must be a protective coating applied to keep these safe in storage.
 These boxing gloves were a gift for my nephew who's just beginning boxing, I got him two pair and so far they are working out great.
 it is good at money efficiency<br/>overall ok products
 Love em ...
 These are quality gloves.
 Love these gloves! They keep my hands much less gross during workouts and are the perfect companion for a bag workout or pad workout
 I'm not a professional, but these gloves have exceeded my expectations. I am a boxing fan and train 4 times a week and these gloves have accompanied me in these workouts. Have good protection and fit to perfection in my hands. If you are looking gloves for training, these are indicated you should acquire. Definitely highly recommend them.
 2 sweeet!
 Recommended
 I've started to do some cardio kickboxing and its been a tremendous exercise. The one thing I needed was some better gloves than the ones that the gym provides. On the recommendation of the trainer I bought 12oz gloves. According to the sizing chart on the bag these gloves come in, I would probably be better suited for 16oz, but I don't punch that hard and I'm definitely not sparring.<br/><br/>The best thing I've found with these gloves, and I don't use wraps, is that they give a lot of wrist support. The old gloves I was using just had an elastic band. This allowed for them to easily be pulled on and off, but the lack of structure and padding made for a very sore session. These gloves protected my hands and, despite the extra weight (which is probably a good thing) I was able to punch harder, longer without feeling the "bad pain" of stressing my wrists.
 I am a petite woman with small hands. This size is too small, the tips dug into my fingernails. Go for the 16 oz. I'm not sure who this size would fit, perhaps a middle school child?
 I just started kick boxing so these gloves are fine.  However, I didn't realize gloves have different strap lengths.  The gloves I received have very short straps. It's hard to fasten the 1st glove and almost impossible to fasten the 2nd glove.  Oh well, will research better next time.
 as described.. My son was happy.
 I started kickboxing about a year ago and got these about a month in when I needed something better than the house gloves. They have been great and very worth the ~$20 I spent for them. All in all they have been very good. Here is a short Pro and Con list for these.<br/><br/>Pro:<br/>-Well ventilated, both for keeping hand cool and drying out to prevent from smelling bad.<br/>-Well padded, comfortable to use regularly<br/><br/>Cons:<br/>-Minimal wrist support. You absolutely have to wrap your wrists.<br/>-Strap has started to lose elasticity after about 10 month of use (45 Minutes of heavy bag work 2-4 times a week)<br/>-Had to repair the stitching on one of the straps about 5 months into use.
 Very nice gloves the material is very breathable and it allows for your hands not to get as sweaty plus they are easy to strap by yourself, would recommendwraps to for your wrist when working out.
 Great purchase, satisfied customer.!
 as advertised
 Based on other customers reviews, I was able to purchase the correct size for my 13 year old son and he absolutely loves these boxing gloves.  The price is right and the quality is awesome.
 It fixes perfectly it also my father and my bothers. I don't how they have bigger hands then me. I like to feel my knuckles hitting the bag and been protected while doing so
 Bought as a gift
 I got these when I started and I have bought much better gloves since.<br/><br/>Pros<br/>-Cheap<br/>-Breathable palm<br/><br/>Cons<br/>- hand compartment is very loose.  this is dangerous!<br/>- Knuckle padding is insufficient<br/>- Padding is at a weird angle so there's a gap between the glove and your hand.<br/>- wrist support is terrible; handwraps cannot make up for this completely.<br/>- fake leather is very thin especially on the palm side<br/>- stitching is falling apart<br/><br/>If you plan to use these for more than aerobics, you will hurt your hands and wrists.  If you get serious at all, you will probably upgrade within a month or two.  Just save your $25 towards better gloves now.
 got for my nefew and he loves them
 nice, good quality. So far holding up nicely
 You can use these to punch bags.
 I kickbox 2-3 days/ wk for an hour each session.  These gloves are literally falling apart after exactly two months.  There is also rough stitching and bunched fabric in the left glove which bruises my index finger to the point it actually swells and purples after two days of boxing in a row.  Don't waste your money.  The ProTex2 gloves seem to be much better.
 started to rip inside very quickly
 they fit a little small, but that means they dont' move around too much once they're on over your wraps.  Good cushion for working the heavy bag.
 Everlast 2212 Pro Style Training Gloves are very durable. I do kickboxing during the week and they've held up for quite a long time. The Velcro straps hold them on tight and seem like they're still brand new. Highly recommend all Everlast products as I've seen them be the best. Plus, who doesn't love the bright royal blue color?
 Very comfortable!
 Love them so far, work great for the bag. Hopefully they hold up
 excellent (with one word i can say everything. this new amazon requirement to explain with so many words seems to me out of place. i hope they go back to the prior way of giving feed back. its easier and faster)
 need more photos and description on item. Thought I was getting one thing but it was not the correct item
 They don't fit as snugly as I'd like, but they feel OK overall. The strap on one of them is about to tear and I have only had them for a couple months, so I do question the quality. You get what you pay for though. At the end of the day they're decent enough sparring gloves.
 Well fitting gloves with good padding.  Don't have as much time to spar as I used to, so these haven't gotten as much use as I'd have hoped.  That being said, after minimal use, the threading on the velcro straps are already coming loose.  Ridiculous.
 Upon receiving these the first thing I noticed was the smell, it's like they were crafted in the basement of an oil refinery by noseless subterranean humanoids. I still use them for heavy bag training but leave the gloves in a closet when not using them due to the smell which even after months of use can make my eyes water indoors. As gloves they are comfortable, effective, and worth the price. I've not had any problems with the gloves other than the continued off-gassing, which now just makes me mad and work harder on the bag.
 Use these every day! I love them
 Good product.  I am 5'9'' in height and weight 158 pounds in height. I have small hands so the adjustment of dolls is a few big.
 they are great for punching things. really all you need right?
 Great fit, I use them for a heavy bag. Easy to put on by yourself with the Velcro.
 Fast shipping. Product as promised. Excellent price.
 Perfect Gloves. Perfect Fit
 Excellent gloves for a great price.
 So far they're great! No rips or tears after going a few rounds with them and hitting the bag!
 I got these for sparring and they seem a little big, but it still works good. These gloves are okay for a heavy bag, but it doesn't have that much wrist support. They seem to get the job done for recreational use.
 Well fitting and light weight
 Awesome gloves for kickboxing and much less expensive then purchasing them at a sporting goods store.
 The gloves themselves are great the reason they only get 3 stars is because they have such a strong pungent smell like gasoline when you receive them and nothing gets it out. I've left them outside now for days hoping the smell fades.
 The gloves are great, but this seller will spam you constantly. I will not be doing business with them after this experience.
 Nice gloves A+
 I love these gloves I use them everyday at my local gym on the punching bag and with training using mitts. I've had them for about 4 months now and they still look brand new. No tears or rips, not even a scratch. They have good padding and look really good in black too. Would buy them again.
 Velcro strap started becoming un-stitched within 1 week of use.
 I ordered the 14 oz in red.  They fit well, had the right amount of padding for sparring and moderate heavy bag work, and the lining breathed well and didn't smell.  After the fourth use, however, they began to split at the seams and the stuffing started to come out.  I'd love to think it's because I punch that hard, but I think it's because these aren't made well or are defective.  Returning them and buying more expensive gloves.
 So far great gloves, looking forward to training in them.
 These are great for the fight club I started.
 These are good for practice...and cheap enough to burn through when you've got a serious right.
 Straps are comfortable on the wrist when tightened.  Plenty of padding when punching the bag but not too much that you don't feel what you're doing.
 I'm currently on deployment and ordered these gloves even with the extra 4-5 stops they arrived in less than a month. Faster than the packages from home get here. Extremely cheap, I wish i'd purchased two pair. The guys love them and they are in almost constant use. We've had them here for a couple weeks and they don't show any signs of wear yet. As far as smell we cut the top and bottom off of two gatorade bottles and stuff them inside overnight to help air them out, so far they don't stink (to bad). For double the price you can get some nice ones but I haven't found a better pair for the cost than these.
 Great Quality for the price.......will keep ordering this product as needed.....love the Gloves!
 have had some fun with these!  Great quality!
 Great set of gloves - they have enough padding for the punch you will throw.  I get out a lot of aggression while using these gloves! :-)
 Just as described.  Perfect for learning and working out.
 Found better gloves and exchanged them..
 Very good
 good
 I bought these gloves as a replacement for some cheap $20 bulk generic made-in-China gloves my boxing gym has available.  Because they are Everlast, I thought they would be good.  I've been very disappointed.  These gloves offer almost no wrist support, and I had to start using wraps to protect my wrists.  After about 4 weeks of medium-duty use, the vinyl is peeling and the stitching is falling apart.  The only good thing I can say about them is that they don't smell as bad as other gloves I've used, so they do seem to resist odor as advertised.
 do not buy this.<br/><br/>if you are buying this for a punching bag, forget about it, might as well punch the wall with your bare hands, this has no protection, is a waste of money
 seam on wrist strap came undone after a couple of months. cheap stitching.
 Just as expected and feel great!
 They fit me well and comfortable.
 These are awesome. Since i bought them i have been using them daily and they still don't disappoint. The difference with these 16oz gloves is a approximately 10 fold increase in punch.<br/><br/>With common bandage they sit tight but still leave you room to sweat. These are for big hands, be aware.<br/><br/>Would definitely recommend these.
 Delivered as promised. These gloves slip on and off easy and are very durable.<br/><br/>Thank you.
 Decent quality, good for beginner training. You get what you pay for.
 These gloves are great!  I'm rather new to boxing on a heavy bag and these gloves seem to do great against the bag.  The interior  (palm) of the glove is well ventilated so your hands will sweat but not as bad as I expected.  The Velcro wrist straps are very sturdy and can be tightened well.  Long story short, they're not leather but for the money you can't beat these gloves.  They're handled the serious beating I've put them through so far.
 Good glove for an individual learning to box. Easy to put on and off as well as stays fastened. Also, the new glove smell is gradually decreasing with use as well as stuffing the gloves with dryer sheets.
 I'm not a pro but for amateur training I have been hitting these gloves And beating the heavy bag intensely and they take the beating and are in perfect condition. I have another pair that I have been using for over 6 months and they maintain their quality. the inner part is ventilated so after use it dries up completely on the inside avoiding typical smell boxing gloves get after time. Like I said, I'm not a pro but amateur boxing I hit recommend these.
 Great for beginners
 These gloves are great for training. Recently I joined LA Boxing for the workout only -I doubt that I would ever join a team at 47 years old, but these gloves have been easy to pull on and remove. The padding is more than sufficient for my needs. They are ventilated in the palm which of course offers obvious benefits.<br/>There is a thread holding the thumb to the glove for proper thumb position.<br/>Side note - if you've never boxed and curious about the sport, it is the best workout i've had since HS football. One full hour of non-stop exercising and boxing. The first couple of weeks are Very challenging, but soon after you are feeling like Rocky I!!
 AWESOME!
 perfect. Used size chart and got a good fit, comes with nifty bag which lets them air out well. Use them for recreational boxing at gym and good padding, easy on/off, nice fit and comfy.
 These gloves are good quality and good for sparing.. but if you use them for hard training session your knuckles start to hurt from doing hooks and power punches. If really looking to get into boxing and training, recommend different gloves
 We only use them for fun does the job
 I have only used them a few times but they fit very nicely so far. Would buy again.
 Very good quality
 These are a pair of my first training boxing gloves and it was a great choice. I use these for training and these gloves do the job. They are very easy to put on and take off. Fit is perfecct even with hand wraps. Everlast's ever fresh technology is the best thing about these gloves because after a good training session my hands are super sweaty, all you have to do is let the gloves air out to dry and it will be free of nasty gym socks smell. The mesh material lets your hands breath and keeps the gloves from collecting fungus and bactieria. I would recomend these to anyone and after all, Mike Tyson uses Everlast so it's gotta be good.
 For the price they are nice gloves, but the smell is overwhelming; I've had them for several weeks, storing them in the garage and the still smell terrible; because of the smell I would not recommend them to others.
 Purchased as a gift for a large 11 year old. He was ecstatic
 5 stars...
 The gloves showed up quick, great service there!  I have only had them since about a week (Give or take) shipping time was great.  When I first go the gloves they seemed great, fit good ETC.  i have had them since approx 10/10 so just about two months and one of my gloves has split.  I have not used them ALOT and i have not abused them, i use them on my heavy bag  as I should.  I would have contacted the company to resolve this rather than write a negative review  but its been two months so I don't have the option to contact them.<br/><br/>If the gloves had not split this would be a 4-5 star review.
 Not comfortable and the material was cheap. I returned these immediately and invested in some Title Gel boxing gloves instead.
 Excelente!!
 Work great for bag work, mitt work and sparring. Only wish the velcro straps were longer so i could get a tighter fit, but I have skinny wrists so should be fine for others
 Great quality and confort. It worths the price. I use it at my muay tai training 4 to 5 times a week. it's been 6 months and it still looks great. The only problem is that i sweat a lot during my training and my skin is not able to breath at all.
 Perfect fit and I like that I no longer need help getting them on as there are no laces, just a nice large strip of Velcro that says put.
 Great gloves, fit well.  Exactly what I was looking for.
 This is a good quality product. My 8 year old and 6 year old use it for their tongsudo fight class. Same size fits both the kids but on younger one it is bit loose. They just started using it so do not know if will be durable after an year. I will post my findings an year from now :)
 very happy with this product.
 Don’t know much about boxing gloves, but these definitely work. Along with the wraps, these gloves are great for the price.
 They gave me a headache right off.  They use some extremely toxic chemicals in production.  Not sure if it is phthalates or something else but it cannot be good if it gives me a headache.  Consider me the canary in the coal mine.
 I was helping a family friend move one day about sevenish months ago when I noticed a wall-mounted punching bag left behind in their basement. Looking to bulk up the little chicken wings I call arms, I asked if could use the bag every so often. Probably since I was helping them move, they were more than obliging.<br/><br/>The only thing that now stood between me and an MMA training montage was what to put on my hands. Unlike your pedestrian Tapout-wearing meathead, I don't have the uncontrollable urge to bareknuckle high-inertia objects. Also, I'm rather certain my medical insurance wouldn't appreciate multiple self-inflicted fractures in my slender little fingers. So the question was then if I want to go hand wraps or full-on gloves.<br/><br/>At this point, some of you might be asking, "Porque no los dos?" Using hand wraps in conjunction with the gloves was something I was unaware of at the time and I'm still not sure why I haven't bought. Don't judge me, Walmart is all the way across town.<br/><br/>Despite not being a massive Rocky fangirl, my admiration for the gentleman's sport of padded fisticuffs led me to choose actual boxing gloves instead of handwraps. The next logical step was to hit Amazon and find the most low-rent, modestly priced gloves on the market. These are those gloves.<br/><br/>I was expecting to have to shell out a bit for even a modest pair of gloves, which was why I was thrilled to find these beauties for just a smidge over twenty Washingtons. The inclusion of Prime shipping pretty much sealed the deal for me. So I placed my order and eagerly waited by the front door, Scott Pilgrim style. I kid, I totally went to class and work and did grown-up things.<br/><br/>A few days later, a little notification on my phone told me the gloves were waiting at my house when I got home. With much anticipation, I drove home from class and ripped the box open with Christmas-morning zeal.<br/><br/>There the gloves were, just like they look in that pretty little picture you've been looking at further up the page. They came zipped in a little mesh pouch which, although nice, I promptly discarded. As I slipped the gloves onto my hands for the first time, I felt a rush of masculine energy peculiar to my soft, cookie dough body. I felt like I was channeling Bruce Willis from Pulp Fiction. Muhammad Ali became my spirit animal, yelling "I shook up the world!" and "I'm pretty!" over the Hallelujah Chorus. My ego was big enough in that moment to try to fight an angry Irish gorilla. I felt like a pretty cool guy.<br/><br/>Now is the part of the review where I actually tell you about the performance of the gloves. To be simple, they are wonderful for the price. Notice the qualifier.<br/><br/>In the estimated forty-eight collective hours that I've actually put these gloves to use in six or so months I've owned them, they have held up remarkably well. As a matter of fact, only in my workout today did the outer skin of the glove get it's first tear. I consider a pair of boxing gloves breaking down because of how often I use them to be a point of personal pride.<br/><br/>I also don't want to give the impression that I lazily throw punches during my workouts either. Nope, these gloves have been subjected to cardio workouts where the rhythm of my punches matches the beat of the song I'm listening to. If these puppies can take care of my hands for forty-eight hours of Shakira's "Hips Don't Lie" before beginning to wear out, you my big old seal of approval. Durability? Definite check.<br/><br/>"So how are they for comfort?" you might ask. That little box on the checklist is again amply explained in the phrase, "It's wonderful for the price." If I throw a hundred dollars plus at a company for boxing gloves, I better be getting some mad soft, contour-around-my-hand kind of cushion. If I pay twenty dollars for the cheapest gloves I could find, I understandably expect a little less.<br/><br/>To get to the point, it sometimes kind of feels like there's a stiff sheet of cardboard wrapped over the top of your fist. Does that occasionally produce some knuckle soreness? You bet. Does this chafe the skin off your knuckles every once in a while (only during longer workouts, really)? Sure it does. If you're willing to spend a bit more money to spare you from some minor inconveniences, buy a nicer pair of gloves. If you're willing to buck up and deal with a bit of pain for the sake of frugality, these are the gloves you're looking for.<br/><br/>These gloves get five stars in my mind not because they're the pinnacle of quality boxing equipment. They get five stars because you absolutely get your money's worth many times over. So if you need to exhibit your inner rage in a non-felony form on a college-man's budget, these gloves will do it for ya. Cheers, and happy anger management!
 Good training gloves  velcro closure tabs and wrist openings large enough to manipulate even with gloves on.  Had a different pair that I had to modify and cut the wrists to facilitate getting them on and off without assistance
 They are great gloves at a good price box with them on the daily and they have taken the pounding
 I love training with these gloves and they were a great price for the quality.
 Exellent!
 The everlast pro style training gloves been good so far used them at the gym the other night hitting the heavy bag. Fits and feel great with good protection on the hands and wrists. Will reccomend and for the price can't beat it.
 I use these at the gym few times a week, hitting the heavy bag.  They are made well, do not come apart and protect the hands (which are wrapped underneath).  At 12 oz there is enough padding and protection. I have used them for over a month with no problems.  Remember they are being sold as "Pro Style", not Pro Gloves.
 Fast shipping. Item as described. Thanks
 I was looking for something simple, without all the extra "gel" cushioning and wrist support; that's what hand wraps are for!  Of course, you can never go wrong with the color red, so I decided these medium weight gloves would do the trick.<br/><br/>I've used them for a few weeks, and they are solid gloves.  There is enough padding to spare your knuckles of damage and still give good force feedback on a punch.  There isn't a reason not to get these gloves.  I use them with the Everlast 180" hand wraps, and it's been a great combo to maintain wrist support and get a good boxing workout!
 I just bought this garbage and it arrived today, the quality of these headphones are not good in any way, it’s not worth 40$. Don’t buy it
 GReat for bag work. Snug fit.
 These training gloves work very well.  They are easy to get on with the one velcro strap.  They're weighted well and provide good support for those active training sessions.  I use mostly with my punching bag and have no complaints.  Plus the color is nice.  Two thumbs up...I mean 5 stars.
 I use the 16oz to lead a cardio heavybag workout class, which gives me enough room for 180 handwraps on large hands. The quality of the glove is good - what you would hope to get from Everlast. UPDATE: the quality of the glove is not good...it's excellent. The gloves are holding up well with weekly use 5x days per week. Drying the gloves on a boot/glove dryer after workouts has kept down ordors.
 They are great for punching things
 Great product and as always, fast shipping!
 Great item.  My husband loves these.  He has big hands, and these adjust to fit all sizes.
 I have been using these gloves for about 10 weeks now about 6 days a week hitting the punching bag in a kick boxing class.<br/>The padding inside is starting to come apart. My fingers can feel the inside stitching also coming apart inside of the gloves. If you only plan to use these 2 times a week, then you should be ok. Also if you are going to go hard on the bag, do not purchase the gel wraps, that does not help your thumb. These gloves fit well with hand wraps.<br/><br/>All and all for the price I paid, they are a good pair of starter gloves.
 Good gloves and fit. I have big, wide hands and I was concerned about the fit.  The wrist straps are a little difficult when you put the gloves on yourself -  trying to close the other hand with the already gloved hand can get tricky, but you get used to it. The upshot is that the wrist support is much better than the earlier iteration of these gloves. Priced these at The Sports Authority and got these for 60% cheaper on Amazon.
 Very happy and satisfied with my purchase
 I use these everyday and I sot about 30 minutes of bag work per day! They are comfortable and fit nice! Perfect!
 Very solid pair of training gloves. They are a great fit, but I am small. 5'5 150 lbs. for bigger frames you may want to go up in size
 Great!!
 Great training gloves.  Durable and comfortable.
 Worked great!
 I've broken these bad boys in and they work.. The padding isn't that soft once you've felt it impact your face/chin/jaw/nose but i suppose its better than nothing.
 These gloves are great and durable. I use them for kickboxing and haven't run into any issues over the past several months - they dry quickly, too.
 Very good quality Gloves is very appropriate Put on after the opponent and wrist protection
 Fits well. Easy to put on. As a woman, if say I have medium hand &amp; the 12 oz gloves are great.
 Gloves got ripped after using them for less than a month, couldn't tight them since the part that stick fell off. Looks like they use very cheap material, do not buy them if you planning on using them on a daily basis!
 BEAUTIFUL, CONFORTABLE, USEFUL, I'M SO HAPPY WITH THIS!
 These are the best thing I ever purchased here because I had them signed for my boss (who was fighting cancer) by everyone in the office.  He displays them proudly and, yes, he won.  :-)
 Very good and durable 100% worth it
 Great
 My lil bros get there a$$ whooped with these thigs
 This are cheap and last very long.hit the bag daily spare with ppl and lasted me about 5 yrs.
 I got these as a Christmas gift from my husband who thinks I need some self defense classes lol. I don't know anything about gloves but I love these. They fit perfectly, the wraps on the wrist are great. They're not too loose or too tight. I've had them for a year and used them quite regularly and they are still in great shape.
 These do smell bad! Washed twice in vinegar and no change in smell. I'm looking for another pair. I can't stand it. Used them in kickboxing class with heavy bag and they are just ok. I advise try a different brand.
 The gloves arrived today and are as expected.  The smell is a combination of a portajon and a bar on Sunday morning.
 SUPER COMODOS
 Awesome quality and comfortable as well. It won't give much support to your wrists, but usually if you're going to work the heavy bag you would want to wrap your wrists first anyway. Would recommend to boxers everywhere.
 These boxing gloves are for my husband to use.  They are of good quality easy to put on and handle well with the heavy weight bag we have at home.
 Looks like it will do its job however, these will be too big for a woman's hand.
 Great gloves
 These have lasted for well over a year and continue to work well.  I use them about every week.
 I take Tang Soo Do and these are great for light sparring--feels pretty durable.
 Very easy to take on and off as a single performer. Great for heavy bags, keeps the wrists straight as well.
 Super comfortable and easy to wear, and very good price too
 I bought the thick gloves for the padding. They are everything they say they are. I use for light boxing.
 Works great and fast shipping. Good quality and comfortable
 Good for begining to intermediate level boxing/kickboxing
 I wear these to kick boxing. I go 2x a week if possible and they are perfect. They cover well and cushion well. Im glad I made this purchase.
 Nice product and fast shipping
 Great Gloves! It fit well and easy to put on and taking off. Have been using it regularly for a year now and still hold up. What else can I ask!
 Don't have very good protection.  Would be much better off with heavier ones that protect your hands better.
 Your hands don't stink after you wear it. It's comfortable, and I'm very satisfied with my order.
 The strap tore after a few months of use, had to use duct tape to keep together.
 First off, the inside of the glove is too hard and most of the padding is on the back off my hand.  I'd prefer more padding around my knuckles.<br/><br/>Second - I have small wrists and the velcro wrap does not hold well.<br/><br/>Finally - within 3 weeks of use the glove has torn and my index finger is slipping out of the glove.  The tie between the thumb and the glove has also ripped.  Overall the glove feels like it was made with cheap materials and I will be looking for a better quality replacement.
 I was concerned about quality with the low price, but these gloves are great. Comfortable and they stay in place well.
 Perfect for kickboxing &amp; boxing classes.
 good gloves, but did have the odor as mentioned in other reviews. Let it air out for a few days and didn't smell it anymore
 Use this for workout purposes only and it works perfectly for that. Great for cardio, great quality and they look good. 12 oz gloves are a perfect size and weight for me- 5'3" 118 lbs.
 Good gloves but a little stiff at first.  On the positive side, they air out nicely and after 3 months of use mine still do not stink like I had expected.
 They are actually really great entry level gloves (leather being the best). The only thing that until now still bothers me is the plastic-ish smell. The smell is so strong i put the gloves in my car trunk because when I put them around clothes or other material it transfers the smell. Other than that they're a real good buy if your on a budget.
 Great price, I haven't noticed any bad odor from the gloves like other reviewers have. The gloves fit well not to tight with hand wraps​ on. All in all the gloves were well worth the price and if I ever need another pair this will be the first place I look.
 grandkids love these
 The glove fit very LONG, so that my fingers were bent at the first knuckle instead of in a 'fist' form, which is much more comfortable for me. I returned these for a pair of Revgear ... much better.
 Very good I knocked my friend out in these gloves  lol
 Got these for my husband, we have a punching bag in our garage and we use it for working out.
 I am pretty hard on my gloves and get new ones about every 6 months or so. For the price ($20-$25), these are excellent gloves.
 Very affordable...seems durable
 Good
 My sons attend boxing three days a week and these gloves are the perfect size for them! They are very comfortable and durable. I highly recommend these for anyone, they even fit me!
 I bought the 14oz gloves and they fit great and work well for my kickboxing class. I also bought the ever gel hand wraps, these fit nicely over those.
 They do have a somewhat strong smell at first but its not a bad smell like people say, its just strong, like cleaning materials. They shouldn't be used for sparring because they are a little hard and could hurt (and you dont want that when you are boxing...) So I would strongly recommend these gloves because they dont seem like $20 gloves, they are well made
 Great quality for the price. I am just getting started in boxing workouts, and these provide solid protection for bag work.
 Less bruises for when I beat my wife.
 I am 6'4" 250 lbs. and can knock the crap out of the bag, but with these gloves I no longer worry about the damage I might be doing to my wrists or my hands. Very cheap insurance.
 I use these for my kick boxing sessions and on my own with the bag. They are easy to get on on my own and the quality is great. Very solid item! Don't hesitate before buying these, they are a good pair of gloves.
 Very nice gloves!!
 They work great and there's a vent so your hands don't sweat.  When guys see me beating the punching bag they all come up to me and ask me if I'm thinking of a boyfriend who 'done me wrong'! LOL
 Though cheap, these are some really decent gloves.  They're a little roomy on the inside but they don't hurt your hand or fingers at all.  I'm really glad I went ahead and invested in a pair of gloves and these do the trick.
 I'm 5'8, 150lb. These gloves are not as comfortable/protective as I expected. For some reason I can't hold a solid fist wearing them.
 First pair of boxing gloves for my hubby, just wanted to surprise him. They work great he loves them, good wrist support and padding for hitting the bag. Also easy to put on and great look. Good purchase, product has good value for the money you pay.
 Good quality
 Good quality! Our boys like them.. Color choices, different weight choices, which is nice ...but you want to get the same oz fo each person :)
 Bought the 12 oz.  They are a little tight on my hands, but that wouldn't be a problem if they weren't also poorly padded.  Took them to the gym and it hurts to hit the big bags.  I could even feel the small speed bag through these!  Going up to 14 oz and a different brand.  We bought the Sanabul 12 oz gel gloves too and those fit better, and they are much better padded.  The Sanabuls were only $5 more expensive, a good buy compared with these, which we will donate to the gym.  They will be fine for anyone who doesn't hit hard, ever.
 Great gloves for training.
 The stitching on these ripped after about three Krav maga classes. Not worth it.
 They may be find for sparring and general training use but I refuse to use them. They have an intense tar smell that truly reeks. They taint my hands with their odor that will not leave after multiple washings. I can't even keep them in the house their odor is so obnoxious. I'll be returning them.
 everlast never dissapoints me :)
 Got a couple pairs for me and my little brother to knock each other around a bit. I highly recommend headgear. Exactly as expected, great for novices like us.
 Unusable!!! These gloves smell so horribly bad that they made me feel queasy throughout the workout. Had to return... I don't know how these things are not actually toxic as they smell like they were soaked in gasoline. Again, it's usually the workout that makes me want to hurl.... but these gloves did the trick right up front. What I don't understand is that my friends have the same exact pair they got at a store, and they smell fine. Not sure if these are "the real thing".
 I purchased these gloves for training purposes.  They are good quality and a solid glove especially for the price.  The palm area has a mesh, which helps to air them out and the inside has a coating to help prevent bacteria and gloves that stink.  Overall a great glove for training.  I would recommend these to anyone who trains for western style boxing, Mui Thai, MMA, etc.
 I box for fun, sport, to lose weight and for fun. Also I box because I love to use these gloves. If you want something that'll you'll love to put on and be excited to use every time then buy these gloves! I want to stop writing now and go train! If you have any questions about size or fitting just make sure you choose carefully. 3 sizes fits most. And it's a great fit. You can't go wrong otherwise.
 only used it for 2 months and already it is tearing up. will have to throw them
 Good
 Working well. Enjoy them.
 Affordable . Good quality. Time tested brand. You get what you pay for.AAA +
 I really like the netting underneath. It helps my hands breathe and the gloves don't get funky fast. Also the Velcro holds nice and tight. The gloves are a bit stiff and run a little small (even for female hands) but overall I like them a lot.
 The Everlast Pro Style Training Gloves are a decent pair of gloves to train on the heavy bags with. They are ok for sparring but I would prefer something with a little more padding. The only slight issue that I have with the gloves is that they are a tight fit with wraps on. I use the Evergel 120" speed wraps and it is a little hard to get the gloves on. I don't have big hands I have average sized hands. So if you have big hands I would try looking for a different pair. Overall, it is a good pair of gloves for hitting the heavy bag. I would just suggest to getting a thicker pair of gloves if you want to spar.
 Great quality product!  These fit as expected and are holding up well after 1 year of use!
 These gloves are great I love the wrist support and the weight of the gloves nice and heavy. Striking the heavy bag feels great with these on I really feel like I've been getting a better workout and have got a stronger stike for practicing with these heavy gloves. And by the way anything that comes in blue is hard to not like . But other than that the gloves are made with good fabric and they seem to be able to take a beating I strongly recommend if you want stronger and faster strikes.
 Bought these for my son and he loves them
 They are fun!
 Great product for a great price, you simply can't beat it anywhere else. The gloves hold up nicely, I strongly recommend.
 These gloves are of high quality… They really take a beating
 I bought these gloves to use on my heavy bag.  I looked around at local sports stores, sears, etc.  They were all similarly priced at $29.99  You can get the red ones for $18 which is almost 1/2 price.  I bought two pairs of the 12oz gloves - 1 blue for me and 1 pink for my wife.  I've beat my bag to death in the past week with these gloves and I love them.  They fit very well and in my opinion are definitely professional quality.
 Love these, good quality. They feel nice, make sure you buy hand/wrist wraps!!!!
 I've ordered many of these for my boxing students and they're perfect!
 I bought a beginner pack of boxing classes and didn't want to use the funky loaner gloves at the gym.  This was a cheap solution to having smelly hands after class. I'd recommend these if you are not sure about continuing with the sport, or want some dope mittens to keep warm and look tough in.
 I have purchased this brand several times. This product is a great bang for the buck. Good training gloves and may be used quite often.
 Typical set of training gloves.  Solid construction that has held up well with weekly use.
 A little tight-fitting to start with (I think that will change with use), but just the ticket for the fitness kick-boxing classes I'm taking at LA Boxing. Not so big and bulky as the 14/16 oz. gloves that most folks seem to wind up with.
 These gloves are perfect for the beginner boxer and really hold up well. I use them with many personal training clients throughout the day and they still look brand new a couple months later! I probably will need to replace them in 6 months to a year, but they are very durable for the amount of use they get!
 The closing tab is to short so the gloves close up loose.<br/>Also it seems like they were put under a lot of pressure during shipping so they came to me too flat, it is taking a really long time for the gloves to take the shape of my hands.
 I bought these for my daughter's boyfriend, and he absolutely loves them. I think he's getting a kick out of pounding on everyone in the house.
 Ordered 16 oz  received 14 oz. Picker must be punch drunk and didn't tread the order correctly.
 Did not keep.  They have a really chemically/plastic smell.  Also has the Cancer Warning Label Based on California Proposition 65.
 Good quality and easy to put on boxing gloves. I bought them for my boys to use on a stand up heavy bag. A little bigger than I thought they would be, but better than being to small.
 We bought these to pound on a punching bag and they work great for it. I have never owned gloves before and wouldn't know good from bad, but these do a great job at what we got them for!
 These gloves smelt like they were in a fire I thought by letting hair get to it would not smell its terrible that they would send a item knowing about this I had to throw them out it was stinking up my garage
 No problem with Amazon and delivery...easy and received product quicker than expected.  Purchased these for a kickboxing client of mine.  The fit is fine, but the synthetic rubber or whatever the gloves are made of inside is pretty strong.  My client would not take them.  I checked out the same type of Everlast glove (smaller size) at a sporting goods store and found the same smell issue so obviously a manufacturing issue.
 Pro style gloves.  Look and feel great.
 I bought the 12 OZ gloves since my hands are tiny- it is slightly big, but I love how it feels. My opinion might be 'inexperienced' since this is my first time purchasing training gloves. Also, I didn't realize the product included a boxing bag with training some training instructions.<br/><br/>Recommended for anyone who wants to start training for Boxing or Muay Thai.
 Bought this for my Daughters personal trainer she loves them.
 Great
 These came out of the package (nice carrying case) straight onto my hands I was was boxing within minutes. The feel wonderful, nice snug fit. Shipping was super fast. They do have a smell about them but that has nothing to so with the seller. Love them, would recommend to anyone.
 After 4 months, they are starting to fray a little around the wrist straps. Otherwise they are holding up well, I just have to stop being so strong and tough.
 I purchased this as a gift for my daughter.  I think she'll be very happy with them.
 Nice gloves overall.  Just getting into heavy bag workouts so not a huge frame of reference to pull from, but satisfied.
 I am new at boxing training, the size was my training recomandation and they are perfect to protect my hands while I am hit the boxing bag.
 Great!
 Little hole after 3months use
 I recently joined a boxing club, where they use the Everlast gloves, so was really excited for these. While they are comfortable and I like the weight of them, the stitching has come apart around the thumb and palm area, so I am really disappointed in the quality of these as I only box 2x a week and this happened less than a month after I got them.
 A heavy glove I use for bag work.  Works well. My bag has sand in it so use wraps for sure.  Boxers religiously do.
 JUST WHEN YOU THOUGHT IT WAS SAFE ONYX HIT YOU IN THE FACE
 perfect
 Purchased for my son. Loves the "no string" slip on style. Easy and comfortable fit.
 Not sure if its polyurethane but these gloves smell terrible.  I've kept them in front of a fan for days which seems to have helped a bit, but its a definite turn off and strong odor.  I can't imagine they all smell this way, so I assume they just try to pass these through inspection hoping no one would complain.
 Great for punching.
 Good for training purposes. The velcro is convenient, but can scratch your training partner, and it will wear out before the gloves do.
 I really like the look and feel of these gloves. S/b using soon with my JKD practice.
 They worked perfect and fitted perfect. Too bad my bf sucked at boxing.
 They hurt when hit by these gloves, but provide great fit and protection.
 great
 They feel good on the hand, nice padding and wick sweat well, not loose or anything, work great for some time on the bag
 My boyfriend started kickboxing training, I gave him there gloves as a gift. They are the best ones on amazon if you think of the price, they have nothing to envy from other gloves. the brand is perfect.
 Let me start this by saying if you have no training with hitting a heavy bag, you can easily hurt yourself if you try.<br/><br/>That said, these are excellent gloves for a guy who has previous training with hitting a bag, but didn't want to get into hardcore boxing. I use the heavy bags at my local gym as an intense cardio workout to mix in with my lifting. Best purchase ever!<br/><br/>As far as the seller, the gloves came in quickly, cannot complain!
 I bought these for my grandson.  He's taking a mixed martial arts class.  He loves them and as far as I know, they are holding up well.
 Gloves fit perfectly and of course they are every good quality
 My children started self defense class and they enjoy the gloves and are very useful for the class... Good price...
 Great feel with the hands. Everlast makes great boxing and martial arts products.
 a little bigger than expected
 These gloves were great however they contained the worst smell that became unbearable to use.<br/>My friend ordered the same pair and had no issues with the smell so it must have been a bad make.
 I love em
 I've been an mature boxer for about 6 years now and i never owned a 16oz gloves before. I only had 10's and 14's and had a really hard time to find sparing partners with those. One of my boxing buddies recommended these for me and i must say they really do a good job protecting my hands and my sparring buddy. i would recommend these for anybody, they are cheap and are comfortable. To who ever is concerned about the size of the gloves, the 16oz gloves are usually a large!
 Great product, looks good and wraps tight.
 Extremely good quality, fit perfect and the velcro is extremely strong
 Decent gloves but they tend to fall apart rather quickly. The elastic band with the dry zipper never lasts too long. One of the seams always starts tears apart (I tried two pairs and had the same issue with both). Aside from that they work nicely and are easy to dry off.
 Bizarre fit to these gloves. Constructed with quite a bit of padding at the tips of the fingers and very little padding at the actual impact surface of the 1st metacarpals.
 They are great! I'm  medium size and the 14 p,fits great!
 They still have a foul smell
 work great for general workout with heavy bag
 I used this for some fun boxing with friends, and they work pretty well. I have huge hands, and these fit well, dont the lighter ones if you have big hands, they won't fit, I tried it already lol
 These are my go-to gloves. Simple, comfortable, durable and CHEAP. These are perfect for beginner and intermediates. You can use these for boxing, muay thai or anything else that involves throwing punches. I've seen some pros practice with these. This is a classic glove set. You can't go wrong.
 Nice gloves.  Hope they "ever" last.
 Not a good quality but okay.
 Great price and love the gloves! Perfect for boxing, kickboxing
 Generally good quality, I bought this to do boxing at home with my little son. It came a little larger than I expected. If your hands are average size, you should go for 12oz I think. 14oz was a bit large for me.
 Very impressive. Great quality, very sturdy and solid!
 Picked these up for Muay Thai sparring.  They work well.
 I liked how thick the cushioning is and there’s no pain on your fists from punching.
 Great Buy
 Awesome product!!
 Initially they were great. But the velcro only lasted 6 months.
 good product
 LOVE IT
 Pretty good quality.
 great gloves for my boxing classes at the gym. Nice color and support.
 Great product. Only gave it 4/5 bc the elastic part at the wrist broke after 2 months. That's to be expected wear and tear but wished that it would've lasted longer. Used it everyday for 2 months and it still smells great.
 Considering the price I cannot complain.
 Love the fact that it is totally breathable on the palm, however, it totally lacks wrist support.
 I like these gloves. There's plenty of padding, I use 108 wraps underneath and my hands don't hurt at all after beating hard on the bag for an hour. I got the 14oz pair. I don't have very big hands and they fit a lot better than most of the other gloves I've tried. The wrist strap isn't the most secure, but these are good gloves for the price.
 Very good protection of the wrists!
 not the top of the line but works well
 It works, it's $30. There is so many things to focus on when you're training. A pair of cleto reyes, winning, or grant is nice but mastering ducking, weaving, footwork, straight, hooks, crosses among millions of things trumps what kind of equipment you have...
 Exactly as described - great quality - perfect for the job and really easy to use<br/><br/>Exactly what I wanted
 My gloves arrived in excellent condition. They are very comfortable, as well.  Since I am not a boxer, I have no other boxing gloves to compare them to, but I am extremely happy with the product, seller, and delivery.
 AAA+++!!!
 Love them! They fit not only myself but my husband as well.
 nice and light--sometimes feel like not enough padding in the knuckle area-but weight is great
 very good gloves. dry easily and comfortable<br/>they have lasted over a year for regular use and will continue to work for years.
 The velcro wrap tore after one month
 Perfect for training good quality and xomrorrable fit.
 Reasonable gloves for use on a punching bag. I would not suggest this for anyone looking to train with actual sparring, but for heavy bags these work fine for the cost.<br/><br/>One note, if you are looking for wrist protection, you have to wrap your hands first. The wrist wraps on these gloves is pretty week, and will not give you any stability or protection.
 Used them in my boxing class this week and they worked great. Awesome price and perfect for my workout
 They literally stink, the smell is unpleasant and I was not able to remove it in 2 months usage with febreeze.<br/>Won't buy again.
 The smell of these are very pungent with the manufacturers materials... you will need to leave them out of the packaging to air out... Also, i havent installed it yet but exactly what i ordered and right on time.
 Haven't had them long, they do get a LOT of use but the Velcro is already giving out.
 I've had multiple gloves for bag work and these are the best built ones I've had yet. The new strap style is nice.
 Gloves came quick and in original packaging. Have a weird gas type smell to them but inlet them air out and for the most part are fine. They fit great and protect my hands during kick boxing.
 Great wrist and hand protection.
 all right, product and delivery
 I became a lean mean fighting machine with them bad boys
 Good quality.
 Great fit. I love the color blue. Great quality would recommend this item no doubt.
 It works. It does the job well. It does what is supposed to do. It does the job as described.
 I love these gloves.  I can hit as hard as I want to with them and my hands are fine afterwards.  They have a nice amount of padding which I like.
 Excellent
 I rolled the dice and got one that smells terrible - it's nauseating.  I tried copious amounts of lysol, febreeze, dryer sheets but even after weeks of being outside in the sun it still smells like tar.
 Bought it as a gift and they loved it. 5 stars ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
 Nice modern packaging. The gloves are of good quality for the cost. I just wanted some gloves to practice with as exercise. No purchase regrets at all.
 Received these yesterday and I must say, they are well put together.<br/>I actually used this website; http://www.shopeverlast.com/pro-style-training-gloves.html#sizingchart to buy the appropriate size. I would definitely recommend this product to anyone interested in Boxing, Kickboxing or Muay Thai.
 very pleased!
 Awesome my son loves it and very light durable n it does not smell wen u sweat inside the gloves .
 After 4 months of weekly use (2 times a week). Just for sparring though, I dont know about punching bags.
 these are ok for starting out but you definitely get what you pay for and these are not high quality.  They may be good as bag gloves though.
 There is a funny seam in the mitt of the glove that hits my hand funny. The left one is different from the right one and hits my forearm hard unlike the other one.
 Google gloves for beginners.
 Fantastic pair of gloves that came in on time and with no damage.
 There is a very strong chemical smell!<br/>Otherwise, does the job!
 Great gloves for beginners. Works well with (Everlast 4455-3 3-Pk) that I got or my hands. Gloves fit perfect for my hands.
 Great gloves. Everlast all the way.
 for my boxing class these work just great.
 Perfect fit!!!
 Wife love them
 I have been using these for a few months now with no issue. They hold up great, and seem like they will continue to do so for quite some time.
 Good product
 Great product
 Anyone who sais they smell must have a bad body odor problem, these gloves are great,
 el producto fue enviado dentro del periodo ofrecido, en perfectas condiciones y es de excelente calidad, los recomiendo, muchas gracias
 Great product the ventilating holes  make these gloves that much better prevents that bad smell
 Round 1
 Decent gloves for the price. I use them for kickboxing workouts with focus mits. They have adequate padding and wrist support. They have a very strong smell out of the box that lingered for weeks that may bother some purchasers.
 all right
 Good price work well and cheaper than buying local
 These gloves fit me well.  I wear a size 8-9 (medium-large) work glove and these fit great.  I have used them quite a few times and they show little wear.  Yes they stink like vinyl, store them in a workout room or garage.
 It fit very well, Everlast is the best company for this.
 My 18 year old son wanted boxing gloves for Christmas.  These gloves were a good price compared to the large sports stores.  My son has very large hands and these gloves fit well, offer lots of cushion, and have been durable.  he uses them to box with his roommates in college.  thumbs up.
 Everlast prodcut, what to except but quality. very confortable, nice for heavy bag training. Excelent. I will buy the blue one to have the 2 pairs.
 I love getting to use it for practice... :)
 Buddies and I wanted to get rowdy, so I bought two pairs and we duked it out in the alley for a few hours drinking fire whiskey.<br/><br/>There's not a nick on them.  There's no telling if we used them right, but we sure as hell had fun and left with bruises.  Good times, these gloves.
 My son loves the gloves.
 These gloves work great for my husband when he's teaching classes for SLC-360 and doing demonstrations. They are put through a workout and are a great product and of good quality.
 They're great.
 I still use these 6 months later and they work great, the picture is wrong though there is no white with the black gloves its dark grey, but other than that they're great training gloves no problems.
 But has some smell in the beginning, maybe it is normal for all kinds of such gloves.
 A great training glove for the price, I do a lot of bag work and it has held up nicely so far.
 Much bulkier than I expected, but then again, I am new to the world of kickboxing.
 The stitching on this has started to rip severely within two months of light use. I'm going to have to sew on the velcro part back to the glove so I can actually continue to use these.
 The gloves are great and durable i use them to train and sparr
 Always rely on Everlast for my boxing equipment. Will continue to purchase these gloves to train.
 I use them at least twice a week and they work extremely well for me!
 Nice gloves. Great quality
 There are original brand , the image used to offer the product is from the original Everlast . I find it disrespectful to offer a product as original and is actually a simple imitation .
 Fit great and get the job done.
 I bought these for my boys. They fit well and I recommend them for beginners. I purchased this along with the UFC headgear.
 I purchased these gloves for myself and was happy to be able to use these on my punching bag constantly without having them tear up or having any strings come loose. Would recommend to any beginners or even the occasional boxer.
 very smelly.  like they were dipped in gasoline.
 Have only had 4 months and the stitching came out and they can no longer be used.
 Don't like the smell after I workout. Do you know how to get ride of the sweat smell? Other than that I like them
 These gloves are amazing!! Would not recommend anything else for training!
 Received as described
 Nicefit
 Horrible after a week of light use they began to fall apart. Very disappointed in everlast
 Gloves fell apart in a month. Not high quality but assumed it would last longer than a month.
 Should've gotten these in 14oz, considering I am a 5'3'' female, but these work just fine as well.
 Great product, highly recommend.
 The quality is great for the price. They are strong and durable. I've had many Everlast gloves before and they've all been great. No complaints.
 One glove arrived with several holes in face of material ( see photo) , I live in Lima, Peru, I had the gloves shipped to a friend in the USA and he brought them to me in Peru without the box.<br/> So now I have a pair of defective gloves and without the box  I probably can't return them.<br/>I suggest reviewing the manufacturers quality control procedures.<br/>Unhappy customer.
 awesome
 ok for the price, i mean you cannot ask for much for the price;  a little uncomfortable at first but then you get used to it
 My husband says they are good quality and just what he needed...
 seems and stitching  tore within 2 months of regular use.
 Work just fine but reeked of gasoline-like plastic smell out of the box. I can't get rid of that smell. Hopefully it will subside over time but it's overwhelmingly bad.
 Exactly what I was looking for. They are flexible at the wrist and sturdy
 For a name like Everlast you need to watch more boxing.  Get with Ringside, they'll give you some pointers on how to make a better<br/>product.  Not everyone can box and not everyone can cater to the needs of boxing.  The name sounds better than the glove.  Not durable enough.
 OK quality, good for price
 Product as described - happy with the purchase - recommend highly!
 I love them, he loved them - they are boxing gloves.<br/><br/>The demon child needed them - he uses them and they work.<br/><br/>Not much to add.
 These training gloves are of very high quality, and such vivid color.  Therefore, I would highly recommend this product.  DAME HILDA
 Buenos y comodos
 Listen the price maybe be attractive but you should at least look at the brand title for cheaper quality Everlast boxing gloves tend to only get good around  $70
 I love these!! They smell amazing after a round or two lol.
 These are great gloves, but I've had them out of their packaging for 6 weeks at least and they still smell so badly of chemicals that they give me a terrible headache.
 Well worth the money, quality gloves.
 It is always nice to have clean gloves that don't stink. Plus my hands don't ache. I was using 10/12 oz gloves before. Anyone into boxing and Muay Thai, I would recommend these in a heart beat.
 Excellent product
 Great for hitting a bag. Solidly made. Padding is spread out a bit so you can really feel the punches, I'd probably look for something a bit more padded for sparring though.
 Provides the proper amount of support and weight for training. Very durable gloves.
 I got the 12 oz. gloves Good Quality, But hard tighten the other glove once you already put the first one on.
 The gloves are everything I expected. They are very durable and air out pretty quickly (don't smell like sweaty old gloves). I might recommend going for next series up from this glove with the wrist support. I find myself wrapping my wrists more to compensate for the lack of support.
 well worth the price, one of the best around for beginners, smells awful though.
 Great product!
 It is an ok product on this price. The smell of the product is not that good. They must put a lot of chemial when painting it.
 As described!
 Not really good on the wrist support But other than that cheap price for beginners.
 Boyfriend likes them!
 These are great, but have a strong chemical smell at first.  You need to air them out.
 bien
 These are fine gloves for the price. Don't expect leather and you will not be disappointed. Great for most people.
 The velcro on these gloves stopped working with in 3 months of use.  Poor quality.
 works
 fits perfect condition
 Perfect gloves! Really fit well with wraps. Insanely affordable and can take the punishment too! Arrived basically by next day. (That doesn't happen a whole lot since my address includes a "space" number, glad to see these guys know how to input address' when shipping items.) 11 out of 10 for me!
 These are pretty good. Well made and not too thin. The only annoying thing is their overwhelming stink. They smell very strongly of plastic (unlike anything else I have ever smelled) and the smell does not dissipate fast...at all. They smelled up my whole house.
 Exactly as described. Holding up well 2 months later.
 DO not buy these gloves. They aren't worth the little money you spend on them. They are extremely cheap and flimsy and give off a STRONG chemical smell. Do not underestimate how strong these gloves smell. Its nauseating and it doesnt go away. Regret every penny spent on this trash. If your serious about training, and want a quality product, invest in some reyes gloves. They are $100+ but real leather and they last you.  I dont even want to give these gloves away they are so bad. The garbage seems like the final destination for this crap. Waste of money.
 I use these for punching things at the gym.  For that, they're perfect.  They're not good for much else (maybe pushups.)  I wouldn't recommend trying to tie your shoes while wearing them.
 I just took these to the gym for the first time yesterday. Easy to strap on and off. Thick padding. Wrist support could be better. When I took these off after training my fists felt as light as feathers. Overall, I recommend these for anyone in need of some good training gloves. Again, the padding is very thick and durable.
 I like the fact that it has a mesh and my hand can breath. It has good wrist support. I recommend.
 Great training gloves. I do kickboxing and these gloves breath really well.
 I bought this a few times. I was happy with it but last time it fell apart only after a month of boxing.
 Very comfortable.I'm new to training on a heavy bad and these gloves did a great job.
 Great training gloves and especially for starting out as an amateur boxing fan
 These gloves are the best. Especially for the price
 They were okay for my first pair....
 They were for my 15 yr old grandson and were the ones he had been looking for.
 The velcro straps started to tear quickly for me and I do a heavy bag workout 3x a week they also don't hold well either. I think they are cheap because the lining on the inside also tore. They say these gloves are for bag work, pad work, and sparring but from my experience they would be best used for pad work only because they are fairly ventilated.
 Great Boxing Gloves.... such a nice quality. I tried them on, but I got them to have them signed. Really nice display
 Muy buena calidad, el cuero, el agarre, la ventilación perfecta
 Large enough for a man, small enough for a woman. My husband and I both take turns with them with no issues.
 Tired of washing my hands so many times after using the gloves.
 I bought these for my boxing buddy, and last time I saw him he was worried some stitches were already breaking. I think these gloves were too cheap, and their performance was similar to their price.
 Just what one needs to get started with boxing. Everlast is THE name in boxing equipment for a reason.
 Excellent. I love it. Dilivered on time. Too early to comment on durability. These wil do it for a beginner like me.
 Nice glove but wrist strap ripes too easy
 Excellent price compared to stores.  I saved at 10 bucks from buying at the local sports store.  Very good quality.
 I am giving 1 start based solely on the overwhelming FUEL ODOR. This is not a 'new item' smell, it is as if these gloves were smuggled into the country inside a fuel tank!! The same gloves on a store shelf, such as at Sport Authority, by Everlast do not have this odor. I have no comment on the product quality because I am not able to wear them for fear of whatever chemical has saturated these gloves may leech into my system and make me very ill. The gloves have been sitting outside for two days and the smell has not diminished at all. They will be returned and I will spend the extra money to purchase from a local retail chain.<br/><br/>This item should not be sold with this strong fuel smell - something is wrong and I would not encourage anyone to wear them.
 The first pair i got the strap started falling apart within 4 to 5 uses now the second pair i got is starting to fall apart as well a least they lasted a month longer than the last pair so i can't return them and get my money back on such a horrible made pair of gloves
 I bought these everlast boxing gloves for my daughter's kickboxing class. She loves them! Well worth the money. One month later and they are holding up nicely
 Good product at a reasonable price
 They fit great and do the job of what I need with Krav Maga. The diesel smell is deadly, but I just left them by an open window for a few days. I just wish the velcro wrapped around the whole wrist instead of just in the inside of the hand, but I haven't had a problem with them popping off. So far so good.
 Great for hitting the heavy bag. No pain whatsoever, and its very comfy. These are not sparring gloves so please don't hit anyone with it or else they could get hurt.
 Decent pair of beginner.gloves
 The stitching at the thumb started pulling apart after only 4 uses of these gloves - about 30 minutes of usage each time across the span of 2 weeks at a boxing fitness class. Even though these are inexpensive gloves, that doesn't mean they should be expected to fall apart after only 4 uses. Either I got a defective pair of gloves, or all of the gloves are just low quality / durability. I think you're better off buying other comparable gloves if possible.
 Good and love it
 came in record speed cause I used the prime.  but love them and they are a great fit
 Fair. If you need this for PHED class or short term use. Its smell is awful, one glove is tighter than the other. Not recommend this for profession training
 Great gloves
 i like it
 I bought these  about 2 months .  I liked them too much, and I still using them till now .  They are good made ,and  perfect for me since I'm using them for practice only
 Great value, durable beyond its cost.
 I had been using a pair of Everlast gloves at the gym for several months and decided to get these gloves.  These gloves work well, are comfortable and seem to protect my hands.  I highly recommend you use the hand wraps with these gloves for extra protection.
 Good product
 these gloves look and feel good, no defects found on mine. The bag to hold the gloves is also well made.
 Good product with good quality
 Still love them.
 Comfortable, light and we'll made.
 Perfect for my son
 Great boxing gloves.  Perfect fit.  Very worthwhile purchase.
 These gloves have a terrible chemical smell. Must be loaded with some sort of toxic substance compliments of Chinese manufaturing. I couldn't even store them in the house! Definitely avoid. Go with Venum - their gloves are exceptional - and no smell.
 For some reason, these gloves are disintegrating.  I have had them for only about 2 months, and they are literally falling apart.  Crap product!
 All was handle nice and easy, no problems with the delivery
 Love em, they dont retain sweat and theyre sturdy so far without discoloration or tears... Comfortable too and very easy to put on even without help.
 I love the gloves overall.  I use them for regular training and bodywork.  However, the velcro wristwrap is a little awkward compared to other gloves I've used, since it doesn't go around the whole wrist.  This can make the closure of the wrist strap a little uneven if you're in a rush to get them back on between rounds.
 My son loves these!
 the product is ok for beginners or someone messing around. as fair as its breathable mesh, not really.. it wasn't long before my hands started sweating. i wouldn't want to spar with these, because there isn't enough cushion and the straps could cut someone. shipped on time (2 days for prime). all in all, if you have money, the protex gel is the way to go. go out to the local sports store and try them on. you will see the difference. big time. so much more comfortable.
 They gloves are great, but I will be returning them because I should have gotten a 14oz pair of gloves. Other than a miscommunication on the size, it's a great buy.
 When I opened the box and saw these two in the training bag (with stamina training instructions on the back) I was amazed. I opened the bag and saw two beautiful, 12 oz black boxing gloves and it gave me motive to training just with the glance on it. Great for movement, comfortable and powerful looking gloves made me go to gym an hour after I got them.
 Great for whooping your rivals ass
 Comfortable &amp; sturdy.<br/>I am a novice and these were a great choice, comfortable &amp; practical.
 I love this product. I train with my gloves.
 My husband loved these gloves..  He was so happy with this product &amp; advised these are really good gloves.
 one word, exelent gloves...
 The smell of the glove is terrible!!! I hate the fake leather smell, i have been waitting for two weeks, the smell still there!!<br/>I tried to wash with lemon and soap water, but the smell doesnot go away!
 nice quality gloves
 Highly recommended
 These gloves are called "ever fresh" and there's nothing fresh about the smell. They stink of a strong chemical smell. It's so strong I have to leave them outside and it's been over a month. The padding is also very light. I will try to return otherwise I'll toss them out.
 They are ok. The have a VERY strong material odor that doesn't seem to want to leave. I got the 14oz
 Doesn't get any better than Everlast.  Great fit and feel for training on the bag.  The blue color is nice as well.
 Good
 Exactly what we needed, we got the black male ones and the pink female ones and we've been really happy. They fit perfect. Smell a little funny at first, but you get used to it.
 I bought these for my boyfriend as a birthday present. He was actually looking at others (same brand) but after reading other reviews I thought that these ones were far better and the price difference was not that big either.<br/>My boyfriend is very picky with his sport stuff so I was trying to make sure these met his expectations. When he saw them he loved them! It was love at first sight I think! So after he tried them the first time he was more excited, he said they were really comfortable and that even when using the wraps the gloves were not too tight, they were easy to put on without any help too, and his workout was much more enjoyable now.<br/>The only drawback is that they do have a rather strong smell (from the fabric material I suppose), but I suppose that after many uses they will not smell that bad...My boyfriend said though that the smell was not too bad unless he happen to put them together with his gym clothes. He doesn't see that as too big of a problem though.<br/>I give them 5 stars because of how much he loved them and how much fun he is having at the gym with those. They are also very comfortable (his opinion) and pretty to look at (my opinion).
 Used the bags lightly for a couple of months. The gloves have sufficient padding and wrist straps are okay, but I'd still recommend wrapping the hands and wrists first . These gloves do have the weird smell others mention, but it's not a deal-breaker.
 nice
 Great gloves! I use them at least 2-3 times a week.  Fit snugly and material is durable.
 Good overall glove for a beginner. Have had no problems sparing or with mitt work. Vented palm is a plus, also the gloves had a strong new oder but I've come to like it way more than any other glove smell, been using for about a month and they still dont smell bad.
 Excellent seller and good product.
 Nice, cheap starter gloves.
 Great gloves. Fit well and are light.
 its high quality at that price
 I feel like a boxer.
 The gloves is pretty much solid.. i like the way it is flat.. not like the other ones that looks bulky. Lol.. all in all I'd recommend this for beginners.
 These were bought for my friend's teenage son. All I can say is Nothing could pry the smile off his face when he recieved them!
 Very high quality product. His coach was even amazed. Easy for him to maneuver with. Thank you so very much.
 Not bad but a liitle over priced.
 Durability is not up to par, wrist attaching band came off after 2 months of regular usage.
 Bought these 4 months ago and only use them about once a week. The elastic wrap is already coming unstitched on one of the gloves between the elastic and the velcro.
 fit as expected. no issues.
 I am just happy on this one. I've been visiting all the sports authority near in my place hoping to have at least a sale on this boxing gloves. The cheapest I saw from the SA is roughly 40 USD. So when I saw this from AMAZON, I bought it right away.<br/><br/>Love it.
 I use this pair of gloves for Muay Thai pad training, and working the heavy bag in training, and I find that these gloves are very comfortable, and I really enjoy the fact that the glove is quite breathable, and I definitely like 14oz. weight. I find that it's a good in-between glove for the fighter weight, and the heavy bag weight style. Overall, this glove is a very comfortable and good quality glove.
 Once you get these broken in they are great. I wish the straps were longer hard to secure without using your teeth. I leave mine velcroed
 These gloves are nice-just what I expected. I bought these for my 15-yr-old for Christmas to go with a punching bag used for exercise and a healthy way to release energy/anger. He's not into boxing so I didn't want gloves that were "over the top" or too expensive. I just wanted some to protect his hands while using the bag. These do the trick without any other hand wraps. My son plays football, soccer, and baseball in HS-not a lightweight. These are perfect!
 Excellent gloves for hitting a bag.  Really nice fit, feel and balance.  Only issue:  tight around the wrist, so I need someone else to help me close the velcro on whichever glove I put on last.
 Pretty decent gloves for the money I paid for it. A good pair to have for beginners.
 I beat the hell out of these gloves and they are still holding up. Plus the padding is perfect for protecting my knuckles.<br/><br/>Only change I would want is for the strap to wrap all the way around the wrist instead of the half strap.. but hand wraps solve that problem.
 After a month of use the Velcro straps started tearing. Also, after six months of use they still smell like chemically treated material. No amount of use it airing out has fixed this problem. It is so strong they make my whole apartment stink. This never happened with my black Everlast gloves. Won't buy again.
 The gloves lasted me 2 months, then they ripped. I'm disappointed with Everlast.
 Perfect training gloves, especially for the money. I train on my 100# heavy bag three times a week for a total of 20 to 25 rounds. My last pair of gloves lasted 2 years. Highly recommend.
 good for bag training (boxing), but wouldn't recommend for spars.
 Really like them. I've put them through their paces and they're holding up nicely.
 Great training gloves for the price!
 Smells off.
 These are great gloves to start out with! They breath well while sparring and are good for putting in bag time as well.
 I just bought these for a kickboxing class I'm taking.  They're easy to put on and work really well.  Very light-weight but with nice padding.  I'd recommend them to anyone taking a boxing or kickboxing class.
 Gross
 I got these for Mike Tyson to sign... He did.  They look great! Best gift for display.  Reasonable price too!
 Don't protect the nuckles
 I bought these for my husband for Father's Day and he loves them.  He said they are the perfect size and they worked really well.  They also come with a carrier which makes taking them to the gym easier.
 They were great to start out with a punching bag. I had never used one before so these got me over being gentle with it. I practice bare fist now so I don't use these gloves anymore, but still they were perfect at the time for what I needed. Quality is good, I have no complaints on the build. I got the 12 ounce ones, my hands are relatively big with a "boney" build. My fingertips went to the ends of the gloves exactly, if I had any larger hands, these would be too small.
 Love it and great price.
 These are great. I use them all the time.
 Odd fit and hands hurt after using. I used a glove prior that had the same name but it was different and fit much better.
 Great price, great product.
 Wrist strap on one of them ripped after not much use
 love them
 I'm giving these gloves a 4 rating because of the "Horrible chemical smell", as one person put it. The quality is very good, but the smell is awful and I don't think an American company would have let them ship like that (made in China). Don't know if it will ever go away as I've had them for 3 months and airing them daily makes little difference.
 They smell but get the job done
 Brother loves it
 These gloves serve their purpose very well.  When I used them in my Muay Thai class, they were very comfortable, easy to use, and protected my hands very well.  I highly recommend these gloves to anyone who does martial arts, boxing, kickboxing, or any other activity that requires training gloves.
 Still smells after having it for a few months.
 NICE!
 Very good
 Started ripping inside after 2 months
 Holding up great after months of training. More than enough padding to protect me and my partner when sparring.<br/><br/>But...it's heavy. In MMA, unless you're over 180 pounds of pure muscle, you're better off with the 12oz model.
 They fit good I haven't had any problems
 Theu are good gloves but for sure not the best , this is more amateurs and ppl that just train boxing for fitness purposes,they will do the trick
 Really nice gloves , and they don't smell after a workout, just clean them 2 times a week and your good
 Great boxing gloves.
 WARNING!!!!!!!!!! DO NOT BUY ...honestly you will get the same level of protection if you tie some paper bags on your hands. This item is a disgrace to everlast products.
 perfect as a beginner in a kickboxing class.
 Nice
 Great Product, Great Price! This product was a great deal. I had been searching the internet for something similar but found this one on Amazon to be the best deal.
 The Quality is OK. they are Vinyl not leather, so you get what you pay for. They have a Horrible plastic smell that doesn't go away. Good for beginners to use as a bag glove. Would not recommend for Sparring.
 Actually returned this and bought a different boxing glove and brand.<br/><br/>1. Smelled of strong chemicals. I aired it out for several days and still would not come off<br/>2. Absolutely very little to no wrist support. Don't punch heavy bags unless you feel like injuring your wrist<br/>3. Not enough cushion/feel when hitting the bags<br/><br/>You pay for what you get. For those out there who are beginners I suggest spend the extra 15-20 bucks above this and get something that will not put you at a higher risk of injury to hands.
 This is an excellent boxing glove for beginners. Comfortable, lightweight and rugged exterior, perfect for someone who is wants a kick-ass workout.
 I bought these gloves (12-oz)  9 months back and after using them for boxing (punching the bag), they have torn from multiple places.
 Great product and packaging
 As presented ~ no  issues, Thanks!
 Stitching started coming off after about 3 months of use... First pair I've ever used so not sure if thats considered long lasting.
 Llegaron muy rápidos perfectos y bellos
 I had overused my last pair, and what a difference these make. I have been using them for a few weeks consistently. I really like the adjustable straps to increase wrist support, and the mesh fabric on the palms to keep hands cool. I don't wear wraps under my gloves, these provide plenty of support. They are snug, good for hitting the bag, but aren't too bulky like some older versions. Love these gloves, excellent value.
 Really comfortable! Been using it for a month and still in good condition.
 good quality
 Perfect for beginners taking boxing classes (punching bags and mitts). I found I needed even more support for my wrists so I just ordered wraps.
 Very happy with these.  Looking forward to the workout I will get with them.
 Nice - but the only downside is that the velcro straps are too short. Hard to work with the straps with both hands in the gloves.
 These are easy gloves. Used them the first day I got them to spar a bit.  Comfy, nothing too over the top. simple.  Great price.  does what it needs to do!
 I box recreationally and was advised to get the 14 oz gloves since I am about a 110 lb/5'4" female and was looking to increase my endurance and strength. The fit is great, the weight is perfect for bag punching (a bit too heavy in my opinion for sparring). Snug fit, secure fastening, and fantastic price. Would recommend to anyone currently trying to get back into training
 Good for the whole family
 box it up
 Worth the price, I bought gloves on red and then, on blue for a friend, they are very happy with them!
 Smelled horrible! Couldn't get rid of the gasoline smell despite multiple attempts to clean them/ air them out. They also felt incredibly cheap...even if they didn't have an obnoxious smell, I wouldn't have enjoyed sparring with these. Returned to Amazon (Thanks, Amazon!).
 I love those gloves. I can kick ass.
 They work
 Great comfortable gloves
 Loved the product.  Thanks for the quick shipping.
 Smelled like chemicals
 Loving these gloves, im not a pro by any stretch but they work for me very well
 My friends and I all bought a pair of these 12 oz. gloves for practicing and training, and they surpass expectations. Great price, great comfort, great performance. They retain that "new glove smell" for a while, which can be a little overpowering at points, but definitely beats the smell of sweat.
 I got these gloves a month back and the stitching is already coming off.
 very good product and seller
 I love these gloves because they fit, and are light weight. I use them for kickboxing and have help up well. I like the simple color because all girls gloves seem to be pink which is my least favorite color.
 Bought my family these for working out . Everyone loves them!
 Stronger chemical odor than other colors for some reason, but it fades, and these gloves were cheeper than the others.
 Only type of boxing glove my husband will use!
 Product is fine.  It does have a distinct smell, but it fades out quickly once they have been used a bit.<br/><br/>For the price, these are totally good.
 The top part of  wrist band began to get  torn after a couple of weeks, I was slow to respond to the tear and it is almost unusable now and can't return now. I have had other everlast gloves that lasted a bit longer, still, no the best quality...
 Great
 I ordered a 14oz and the bag the gloves comes in says 14 oz but the gloves actually says 12 oz.  Ordered a replacement.
 Good product! They were a Christmas gift for my 15 year old son and he really likes them. Would recommend!
 Smells very chemical. I would like to return.
 pretty nice gloves
 good quality
 My wife loves it.... They are great for training and boxing at the gym. She uses it everyday and etc etc
 Garbage. Don't buy
 I didn't realize when I bought these that they are beginner gloves. They are really mediocre. I returned them. Not a glove for anyone with boxing experience. Left my hands bruised. I ended up going for a more expensive glove that actually works.
 I used them for cardio kickboxing. high quality. protects your hand during bag kicking.  you can easily put them on and take them off. I wear them during warm up routine, they add some weight to your arms.
 Great product
 The gloves themselves are good. Standard boxing gloves. I got the 12oz after reading other comments suggesting these for a punching bag. The packaging does say that 12oz is for shorter people and that I should've gotten 16oz, but these still fit fine. My fingers are not scrunched.<br/><br/>First, though, they *really* smell. Like, find a safe spot for them because they will stink up anything they're in contact with, and the room. Strong vinyl. Almost sickening if they're in your room overnight.<br/><br/>Second and more importantly, the concern I have is that in the right glove, half the velcro strap ripped from it's elastic band under normal usage. I'm not sure what to do about it; I'm going to try stitching the velcro back in myself, but I don't think this should have happened.
 Good deal at a good price!<br/>These gloves work great for my workouts........
 Really good or a beginner.
 Perfect for my 70ib bag in my garage. For the price these are worth it
 fell apart after about a month
 like it
 I im new to boxing and dind know the weight that i should buy for my training globes, I recommend this 16oz, they are heavy enough.<br/>They fit well, solid and look nice.
 Not impressed. I've had these almost three months with moderate use and now the stitching on one of the straps has began to come apart. Would not recommend.
 Good gloves for anyone that is familiar with gloves
 it works . good quality  but smells like tar
 These gloves are nice, but they have an extremely strong chemical odor...Perhaps from the dye. Cranked out in some crappy factory, no doubt. Everlast should check their quality control.
 Good choice
 After roughly 6 months of use, the stitching on the flap came out.  Will never buy Everlast again
 The smell is over-powering.
 Cheaply made but for the price they are okay
 Great gloves at a great price
 Perfect weight
 Work great
 excelente!
 Great product.
 Good quality gloves, used my last pair about once a week to mix up cardio, and they lasted me for about 3 years before wearing down to being unusable. Not bad for the money
 Solid will tear soon tho not
 Great fit and very comfortable!
 Im not sure if it was just my luck that i recieved a pair of gloves which the stiching wasn't done corectly because the sowing on my left glove began to come off less than a week after using them. Also the strap that hold the left thumb ripped off. Besides those two things i love the gloves. Very comfortable and great for training. Fast shipping also!
 heavy duty, nice price for the quality.
 Best gift ever. I love this. Quality wise it is OK, but I just enjoy having this.
 Thanks *:)
 I bought these gloves after looking all over for a nice pair of boxing gloves. Much cheaper when purchased through Amazon and I highly recommend them - they work well and dry quick and are a great asset in heavy bag training and boxing.
 love these gloves. no odor. have had them for a year and they've held up great.
 Quality gloves at a great price. Fast shipping!
 Good product
 I can not give a bad rating.<br/>You will get exactly what u payed for.<br/>The gloves will last roughly 6 months before a new pair is needed
 These gloves are okay if you don't plan on doing anything serious with them. If you want to do actual sparring or learn a thing or two about boxing or muay thai or any sport that involves boxing, save the money and buy a serious brand.
 Nice, fresh gloves (mesh palm), for training. No need to look for something else unless you're competitive. 1 1 1
 The gloves are great for the practicing on Thai pads and bag works.  Exerlast makes a good quality produce.  I'm very happy with these, and the price was excellent.
 the elastic wrap is breaking apart. I've owned the other type of everlast gloves and they still work just fine. I have literally only used this pair only twice. It won't even let me return it.
 much better to work out with on a heavy bag than the heavy bag gloves. Feel like it is a much better workout and my knuckles don't get cut and bruised with these. highly recommend!
 The gloves are comfy and functional for my kickboxing class.  Nice protection for my hands. The chemical smell is just to overpowering.  Even after using multiple times the smell still hasn't gotten any better.
 so far the are nice gloves.  can feel crosses in my thumbs a little buy it coukd be wraps too.
 Just used them in my Muay Thai session for the first time. BEWARE: PICTURE DOES NOT MATCH ITEM. (At least not for blue 16s. Look up model 2216. There is a bulky wrist pad on the outside they call "Evershield". Wish they didn't...
 Fell apart in a month.
 My son needed this for his dance class so it was actually recommended by the dance instructor. I thought it was quite pricey for what it was intended for (dance) but he absolutely loves it. It is soft and very light, contrary to what  expected based on the looks. it was shipped within 3 days and right in time for his rehearsals! A great buy!
 Does the job really well and easy to take care of!
 good for the price and a good time with friends
 I have average sized lady hands and the 12 oz fit me very nicely. In a 16 oz i can put my fingers straight up with the glove on. Good price, not super smelly, over all very pleased.
 The smell of mothballs and the smell won't go away.<br/><br/>It's AWFUl.<br/><br/>Which is too bad, because the padding and stitching seem otherwise good--but they are simply putrid.
 I have bought it for my brother. we choose right size but it was a little big for him, but was good quality
 These gloves are alright. I got a few sets but rarely use them...when I do though, they work as expected...as I recall, they were delivered very quickly...so..there's that!!
 Made of cheap material and doesn't provide good protection for the knuckles.
 I bought them for some sparring and bag work, and they work just fine.  They might be a little hard, but they're not bad.  They broke in pretty quickly.
 These were a gift to my cousin and she loved them, the packaging was neat and impressive. As soon as she got them, she used them!
 Like these gloves, good deal.
 Perfect fit for me, gonna order another pair
 These gloves are comfiortable and quick dry, great for daily workouts.<br/><br/>Note the thumb is attached to teh fingers so picking up a water bottle to drink from during a workout is difficult.
 My gloves fit great and were less expensive than the sports stores.  My order was processed quickly and I am very happy with the product.
 These gloves smell like the cheap plastic they're made of. The gym I train at thought there was a gas leak in the building. I spent a little more money on quality leather gloves and its well worth it.
 They are great gloves with not as much padding.  I got these so I could fight with my brother.  Let's just say it didn't feel so good getting hit in the face.
 The gloves are fine but (similar to other reviews on here) the "gasoline" smell is overwhelming.  I've tried to keep them outside to air them out but there's been only a slight improvement after 4 days.  I don't think I'll be able to use them inside ever.
 Wayyyy too big for standard 16 oz gloves. If you're a light heavyweight or any lower class you won't want these they're just too big. They slide around and you'll tear the skin off your hands (my knuckles tore even with wraps underneath). Also, since they're so loose don't depend on any wrist protection - if you are not an experienced fighter/used to punching bare handed/with light cover only you might break your wrist throwing hard shots at heavy backs.
 This is my first purchase of gloves but ive worn quite a few different brands. Overall they fit well, the wrists don't come unstrapped, and they offer great protection. They do stink though and im not 100% sure how to wash them. I am satisfied with the purchase.
 for this price, it is good.
 I have been using these gloves for heavy bag training and they have been awesome. I would rate them 5 stars but their only flaw is that the padding isn't that great but it is easily solved by wearing hand wraps.
 nice gloves
 Happy with this purchase and quality. There was a slight smell, but had no problem after a couple uses.
 too marge for female wrist
 I am a beginner and these gloves are exactly what i needed. They are perfect for training!
 They rip very fast
 i bought these with other boxing equipment to use for working out. i would work the bag with these on and they definitely give you some airflow. great when you work up a sweat. love em.
 my son likes it and it protects his hand
 Perfection
 Don't understand everyone's complaint about the smell.<br/><br/>I'm an x fighter and use these for business presentations  i.e., fighting competitors, etc]<br/><br/>They're perfect!!!!!!!
 i recently got into boxing and was getting really tired of borrowing the boxing gloves from the gym (That they prolly never washed, practically dipped my hands in acid when i got home. xD). But so far these have been very comfortable and sturdy. i enjoy using them. Definitely recommend!
 Great but impossible to tighten without a friend
 Great gloves with good amount of padding to spar with.
 Gift for my step father and he loves them.
 great quality
 Great gloves. I attached the straps too tight for a while and the stitching on one ripped, but it was an easy fix. Durable, don't smell bad after several months of use.
 These gloves are a big disappointment. I have been training with these for just over four months and the left glove will not stay fastened without tape. I train 3x/week, so really, that's only about 72 or so hours of real use. I expected a longer lasting pair of gloves. I bought the black 16 oz-ers.
 good
 Love them...
 I've used these gloves for a couple years.  Once broken in, I love them.  Still holding up nicely.
 Bought these gloves about 7 months ago, I use them twice a week for Sanshou both sparring and shield/bag work and they've held up great so far. Can't beat them for the price...
 These are by no means the best gloves going around - but I think offer great value. I use them every day for personal training and they get used by men and women alike. They fit most hands and offer good padding. The Velcro strap allows people to adjust the level of tightness and the gloves themselves are reasonably flexible. A low cost product worth investing in for moderate use.
 More than a year using them and still like new
 Quality
 I gave it a three because it didn't feel completely comfortable at knuckle when punching the sand bag.  I would not recommend to a friend unless they tried mine first.
 Great gloves.
 Avoid at all costs, torn in under a month by an amateur boxer
 Great
 -Wrong Gloves *Gloves did not match the Picture*<br/>-Wrong color *had picked Brown and Received red*
 very good! low price and high quality!
 good for sparring on a certain level, cover face fully and wont hurt opponent. fit hands on all thirty dollars. i've tried to work on a heavy bag in these, and no it is not convenient, mma grappling gloves for heavy bags only.
 I like the mesh palms.  my hands are less sweaty and the gloves don't stink After being used.
 these gloves stink! literally!  there is a strong chemical odor that also hurts my eyes when they are close by.  I thought the smell would go away but someone at my gym had these and said they had them for months with the same smell.<br/>other than the smell, the gloves worked great and are a great deal.  I wish they would fix the smell - then the gloves would be perfect.
 Fast delivery and quality.<br/>And not just once, my friend ordered the same gloves from the same buyer and recived the same expiriance! 5 stars!
 Have worn them to 2 classes &amp; the feel fine so far.
 perfecto!
 They smell really bad and they are not as comfortable as my old ones. They feel too loose around the wrist
 Excellent product
 Somewhat large. Should've gotten a smaller one.
 Excellent product!
 Pretty good gloves , I like them and they are at a really good price
 Comfortable, exactly what is promised.
 Exactly as promised!
 i could use it only 3 weeks then bombed
 Good for the price. I will go with leather next time.
 Very small
 The gloves are working good for my boxing class.
 Showed up a week ago. They look and felt great then I noticed the smell.  They reak of mothballs so bad it actually transfers to my hands and cloths when I wear them. I've tried washing then but they still stink.
 Excellent product. Bought a smaller size so I would not have to use wraps..works perfectly.
 I had 10oz gloves before and was fairly new to kickboxing. the coach wanted me to get bigger gloves and after reading reviews and asking for advice, these were the right one for my price range and quality. i go hard on these and it hasnt ripped it. get these if youre thinking of getting mitts/ sparring/ training gloves! dont forget your wraps
 I bought a hundred pound punching bag, and MMA gloves, the gloves weren't protecting his hands the way he wanted, so I ordered these and they are a fine quality and a great price.
 They are big and heavy and work very well when sparring. Great price.
 Nice
 They do smell a little of plastic but that is to be expected.  I found they were quite snug over my hand wraps bUT I'm sure they will loosen in time.
 Not being a hobbyist or a pro, there's not much I can say about it. The velcro makes it easy to put on, the padding is nice as well. It really feels like it's made of good quality material.
 Great deal for the price
 plus satisfied
 I bought these for my son for his birthday. He was very happy.Thank you. Now if I can just get him to hand them over when I want to sock something responsibly :)
 excellent gloves! you will enjoy this the fit is great.
 :)
 Nice
 Just started boxing classes and needed a pair of gloves. I don't do sparring yet since I'm still getting familiar with all the technique. These gloves are great for beginners and for when you're ready for the next step. They are breathable and fit great. I bought same pair for a friend who decided to join me in my classes and she also loved them.
 The glove are very good. when you punch it has enough patting to divert pain. but the only problem is the bottom of the gloves is made out a soft material which brakes with consistent use, you have to used for a while before it breaks which is pretty good.
 Great glove.  Weird smell the first few weeks.  A little stiff for training.  Not much padding at the knuckles.
 Good quality and great color. They smell a lot in the beginning bu it will pass quickly. They seemed to be too big but after a while I realized that they are more comfortable that way.
 Great prodcut great packagong
 These gloves are comfortable, breathable, and offer good protection. I train hard and these gloves have held up great.  also like the convenience of theses gloves for the fact that they come in the zippered mesh case and they won't get a nasty odor in them even after sitting in my locker between uses due to the technology they use.
 Great!
 Wonderful but lasted me like 3 years
 wonderful fit,. don't smell weird
 Great starter gloves, don't forget to use hand-wraps if you're actually going to spar/hit a bag. Perfectly fine for shadowboxing.
 Very comfortable and durable
 ok
 It's really good game thanks
 I just bought a heavy bag. I finally bought these training gloves and my knuckles are not ripped up and bruised anymore. Great product!
 I had ought these for kickboxing and they are comfortable to wear and seem to be good quality.  The wrist support seems to be good, and it doesn't hurt my fingers like some of the one's I've borrowed from others do.
 Great!
 Good quality smell and Sowing in this glove, will last a lot of spars and padding is not generic, please buy!
 As advertised
 Good buy! 👌🏽
 I bought these gloves, the lighter pink ones too. I put them on my girls and they got in the yard and worked out some of their issues. They are great. They are more solid than the puffy ones.  These may be a little rougher than the regular puffy ones. So far they have endured a lot. Even a round with the boxer dog ( boxer won ). They have been a great investment for hours of fun.
 Excellent Gloves
 The gloves are fine but the stitching around the wrist band is already coming apart.
 Great pair of starter gloves. They do have a strong smell though, so I have to keep them zipped up in a gym bag. But... for the price paid and their use, I can live with it
 Amazing!
 Great product for the price!!<br/>Have ordered a few pair. Only thing is they smell funny when u first get them. But it wears off after a few uses.
 They don't smell great, but that mostly goes away after a day or two. Overall, they work great though, and you can't beat the price.
 Came very...very fast!!!love these gloves very comfortable and they gave me free handwraps with them....couldnt ask for better customer service!!!!
 I haven't had them for long. They were a little stiff and smell like chemicals, but they seem to work pretty well and do not stink like funky handsweat. They are as expected for the money spent. I'm satisfied.
 Wrist wrap velcro ripped after about a month or so of usage.....waiting for it to totally rip, throw them away, and buy a new pair.
 This is my second pair of Everlast gloves (my first were 12 oz). I use them in my Krav Maga classes and also for heavy bag work on my own. No complaints.
 Gotta break them in, but they do what they do. A little uncomfortable around the wrists after having them on for too long, but they're nice starter gloves.
 Good thick gloves. Protect my hands very well. They do give off a very strong odor that doesn't go away.
 Comfortable and very light
 Started disintegrating after only two weeks use.
 very good quality and design for 25 bucks, do not expect high end gloves of course, this are ideal for beginners or aerobic body combat.
 They were for my husband and he is happy. The color is amaizing. They fit really good. He has them for a couple months now and have no complains yet!
 I LOVE my boxing gloves.
 Used it for less than 3 weeks before the strap ripped on the right glove.
 I scanned the Amazon page for this product for a good 20 minutes before submitting my order. I saw that there were three sizes for these gloves and I wanted to be sure I got the right size. Unfortunately the vendor didn't provide any sizing charts so I had to read multiple reviews and take a guess at the best size. I decided to go for 14 oz. being a 6' 180 pound man. I received the gloves and although they were good quality, they were way too small. I immediately noticed that on the side of the Everlast package was a simple sizing chart, that would have suggested that I buy the 16 oz gloves. Great to see this information after the fact! Maybe the vendor should consider adding that sizing chart to the product page? Sounds too easy.<br/><br/>After receiving the gloves that were too small, I contacted the vendor about an exchange due to size. Unfortunately for me, the vendor said that they were unable to process any exchanges at the time and my only option would be to return the item and get refunded. Great. I will do that! Unfortunately again, per their return policy, I needed to pay for return postage (including insurance at their request). I was also charged a 10% restocking fee! All in all, it totaled 15 dollars and I got nothing to show for it.<br/><br/>Go to your nearest sporting goods store and just buy your gloves in person. Not worth the hassle online.
 No complaints
 Great product and much cheaper than any nearby stores.
 I use these for an extreme kickboxing class and they intensify the workout in my arms. I have not used these for any combat nor do I intend to so I cannot evaluate them for that purpose.
 Just as described
 Great product will buy again
 Exactly as advertised and meeting my expectations.  Thanks again!
 These were great when I first got into boxing. Weren't crazy expensive, and got the job done.
 They're nice, lots of padding.  But the velcro on one of the gloves has almost torn off.  Seems to be cheaply made, but I can still use them fine.
 They are great gloves loving hitting with them. Only issue but small one is that it had thread loss when they came once I cut them off they were perfect
 Awesome!
 Feel good - great pair of gloves!
 Exactly what I payed for, sparring gloves only for practice boxing. Can put on by myself and spar with my much larger cousin without getting hurt because they have plenty of bedding. A bit heavy for a beginner but that is what I meant to purchase!
 i am a beginner and the gloves have performed well for me. i clean them after each use and they have not started to smell... good padding and easy to take on and off with the velcro strap
 pefect!! i would recommend this
 Great gloves for training
 Stays fresh! I love these for boxing!
 Finally a women sized- glove that isn't bright pink. I use it for kickboxing classes with a punching bag and it works great. It fits perfectly when used with hand wraps.
 Great gloves
 The gloves are great. The only thing is that they're small but they are very sturdy and have lasted me 2 years so far
 Arrived as expected.
 These gloves rip too easily.<br/>I'm on my second pair in only a few months.<br/>Emailed Everlast and they never got back to me with a resolution.<br/>Look at other gloves if you hit hard.
 No wrist support at all. Go with Venom gloves instead.
 I returned both pairs I ordered because they smelled really, really bad.
 Solid beginner gloves.
 straps are hard to velcro if you are by yourself
 ALTHOUGH I RECEIVED TWO LEFT GLOVES...EVERYTHING WAS TAKEN CARE OF
 The gloves themselves are great and was exactly what I wanted.  The Velcro straps around the wrist are not so much.  Mine came and the first glove I put on the sewing where the Velcro is fastened to the glove was ripped and about ready to snap.  Not to have to do some sewing out of the box would have put these up to a 4star.
 Great quality and construction.
 I'm using these for a boxing fitness class at my gym. Perfect for punching bags and punching mitts. Keeps the fist in good form and easy put - on and take-off. Very happy with this purchase.
 Good product
 I'm a beginner kick boxer. I am 5'3" and about 130 pounds. These fit like a glove... lol.
 They were the best fit and length for kick boxing. I love using these and they were made to last.
 These were delivered in 2 days time with PRIME. I was very pleased with the quality and urgency as they are a Christmas present for my nephew. Overall, good quality.
 perfect for boxing class at a local gym.  easy on/off.
 Great gloves for a fantastic price, i highly recommend these gloves if you just want to box friends for fun.
 great
 Nice product !!!  I love it!  ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !!! good,good !!!
 Came in time..I bought it for my son who is been boxing for a while but didn't have his own boxing gloves and oh boy he loves them so much and the brand Everlast doesn't lie.. The best gift ever!!
 My boyfriend was quite pleased with these gloves
 Do not like the gloves because of a petroleum/diesel like odor that will not go away; washed them, aired them outside, sprayed them with fabreeze - the odor will not go away; the odor fills the room they are in...
 Boxing gloves were very attractive and looked better in person then in the picture.  I purchased these as a gift and she loves them.  Would definitely purchase these again.
 Great fit! And Comfortable.
 the gloves are good for beginners. The only reason I returned them is because that have a really bad plastic smell to them that didn't go away. It would stink up my gym bag. Otherwise they were good.
 Gloves are excellent!  They do have a moth-ball odor but that's subsiding. Great gloves for hitting heavy bag. I'd recommend them for women.
 GREAT BUY!
 Love these gloves, not too heavy, just right. These gloves have this "fresh" feature that keeps them fresh after a workout, they won't smell from all the swear. Highly recommend.
 just what i needed, and for  Great price, all that is left now is to break them in, cant any better than great sparring cheap gloves
 Great product, as described
 I use these all the time at the gym. So worth it, great price and came very quick! If you want a good pair of boxing gloves I recommend these
 These are very good boxing gloves
 Gloves are ok. Breathable but feel maybe a bit flimsy around the wrists.
 ive been using these for a couple months now and have had no problems and i beat the piss out of the hand mitts and they have no wear and tear, worth buying
 gloves are a little tight with hand wraps. I am not sure if they just have to be broken in or what. please keep this in mind. otherwise, gloves look nice and take impact very well.
 I had been using the man-sized pair at the local gym, but am so glad I ordered these. They protect my hands and mean that I can put more into my work-out.
 Gloves are as stated.<br/>Great for workouts and sparring.<br/>Durable and comfortable.<br/>Easy to clean.<br/>Decent pair for everyday use.
 The gloves do have a smell to them but who cares....my nephew will enjoy them!
 I bought these in a bundle with hand wraps and punch mitts for my husband. He has taken 3 classes already and loves this equipment! Great brand for a great price, saw the same thing in walmart for double the price on here.
 Gloves came ripped
 Really great gloves!
 Pretty good basic gloves.
 Exactly what I wanted.
 Strong Stench, couldn't get over it. Got the red ones for my sister and they didn't have a stench so I think it's just the black ones
 Got them for my husband! He loved them!
 Had them over a year they have taken a beating starting to show sign of it but they held up nice
 They fit fine, haven't actually used them yet.
 My daughter is 12 and about 5' and I'm 5'3" and we both use them. We wear them with wraps. The gloves work well. They're comfortable and stay put.
 Velcro started falling apart after 30 days, you get what you pay for.
 Met all expectations.
 I ordered these for my friend who started taking muay thai classes with me. She loves the gloves as they breathe really well and are insulated very well, so she doesn't get injured from punches. I'd recommend these gloves to anyone who wants a good, sturdy pair for boxing.
 These gloves are great for recreation boxing. They are fun to have around the house and thry seem to hold up pretty well after many uses. When I use them, I do use any hand tape and they dont hurt my hands at all. Overall they are good boxinb gloves.
 these gloves provide enough protection,<br/>good wraps plus these gloves will do ok for<br/>heavybag work, my only gripe is that i used<br/>these gloves for about two weeks and there is<br/>a rip between the thumb and palm, a very slight<br/>rip but it still bothered me.
 Even though I have looked for this gloves in many places, I found here the best deal. Thank you!
 they smell bad and there a cheap plastic i put them on they run small and my boyfriend never uses them cause there so cheap. dont waste your money.
 Fit great!
 Perfect.
 Good speriencia thanks
 These are very good training gloves. I use them 5 days a week and they have held up nicely so far. Can't beat these for the price. I'm very happy with them and plan to buy more once the ones I have are worn down... which may take a while.
 for a beginner these feel fine. no complaints.
 First of all everyone complaining about the smell shut up. It's not even that bad. Ur not using these to go on a date your boxing. Good padding, a little roomy inside (wraps solve tht) doesn't hurt at all when sparring (16 oz) overall great for 30$.
 It fit my son's hands perfectly, as a beginner, this was perfect since he doesn't hit too hard yet. We knew it was time to get a heavier set when his knuckles started getting raw.
 Great product! Will buy again and again!
 Solid and sturdy, fun to practice with and spar.
 this product is useful to me and I received it in good condition and recommend the optimal level of responsibility and seriousness of the store
 These make for GREAT sparring gloves. I didn't know they had meshed inner material where the palms go, so that was a plus. They help to keep your hands cool and breathing. Great quality and really comfortable.
 There good but definitely have a smell
 Good enough for basic classes.
 I train on a heavy bag once or twice a week.  After a year of use the gloves are still going strong and I would buy them again if I had the choice.
 There very hard to put on by yourself.
 Perfect training gloves for my kick boxing class. I've take then class for over 2 months and was to lazy to clean the gloves; it still doesn't smell!
 High-quality extremely well-built product I will recommend this to anyone.  I've been using this for over two half months now and it's like the day I bought it
 One small problem is one of the gloves came in bent from the knuckle area. Where one is round the other seems to be taking the shape of a square.
 Good product...can't beat the price.
 the gloves are pretty good in general. The only thing i didn't like is the wrap. I prefer extened hook and loop gloves. These are easy to put on but the second glove might be a pain if you don't know what you're doing
 I bought them for my friends bday, she loved them, great fit and color
 I like these gloves they dry out very fast. The padding is very sturdy and the leather does not crack.
 Perfect fit
 they have a very bad smell
 Good basic gloves for my sons kickboxing class. They spar a few times a week and these gloves hold up well.
 Can't beat the price especially for using them for bag work.
 This order got here quick,  within a couple of days. I like the color blue alot. The gloves do run a bit small, but I like that , I plan on ordering 8 oz gloves for my kids soon.
 Within a month, the velco rips off of the spandex. The padding for the knuckles give no support for anybody with decent punching power.<br/><br/>Pros: Inexpensive<br/><br/>Cons: Poor quality
 Don't waste your money. Cheap price and cheap quality. The blue latex covering will peel off within a month of solid use.
 The only one thing I am slightly bothered by is the "new smell" of these...I may try to put a cotton swab with some essential oils in them and let them hang on a coat hook. Otherwise, I love the fit...very comfortable while hitting the heavy bag/sparring!
 Very good product  I love it
 Very well made, have been using a lot and still preform like new.
 Perfect for bag training , mitts and everything else
 I bought a pair of the 14 oz a couple years ago and they lasted for like two and a half years. Then the lining started ripping and they were hopelessly stinky so I bought a new pair last week. The new pair stank like chemicals *way* worse than the other pair, the wrist is much floppier and offers no support, and the velcro is harder to fasten.
 good price and useful material
 These gloves are great for beginners and training purposes. They feel and fit great. I would definitely recommend these gloves to beginners in training.
 Love these gloves!!
 good
 These are my first pair of boxing gloves. I use them for hitting the bag and sparring. I'm a 5'7 female so the 14 oz set is perfect for my size. Great value and price.
 Decent gloves. Size and color are what I ordered. The only issue is the gloves I ordered have a very strong creosote odor.
 Love how these fit and I can put both on without help!
 this is some very good boxing gloves it fits me perfectly and keeps odors away from it and still smells fresh i recommend anybody that spars alot to get these. these are perfect for sparring and are very comfortable and i recommend for people who are just buying it to get black black is great for starters worth the buy
 I bought these for a beginner's kickboxing class. They're comfortable, although my hands get clammy pretty easily. You can definitely feel the weight of these after an hour of working out.
 A brand new set of gloves arrived in the mail. I opened the package hoping to use them that same day for a sparring session. Once opened the smell was unbearable. They had a very sharp noxious smell, like a mix of new tires, ammonia, and something burnt. I tried wiping the outside and inside with a bunch of baby wipes. No change. Left them outside to air out for a few days. No change. Tried wearing them for a few minutes, pulled them off and smelled my hands - awful smell is now on my hands. Took 20 minutes of washing to get most of the smell off. Final wash with Orange Hand Cleaner (the kind mechanics use) did the job and removed the smell. I thought that the smell was a fluke. Called Everlast, who oddly enough was aware of the odor issue. Their customer service rep claimed that it was the cleaner that the factory used (China or Taiwan, can't remember), and he suggested that i let them air out for another... two weeks. Are you kidding me? Returned to Amazon and ordered TITLE Boxing Pro Style. They are $15 more but a much better option than having your hands smell from new gloves.
 falls apart after a couple months, normal wear and tear.
 Loved them! I have big hands, they fit me very snugly.<br/>I'm gonna knock you out! 8-D
 does not match the photo!!
 Already tearing after 2 months
 These gloves are great they feel great and are very good for Hevy bag but if you are looking for sparing gloves than these gloves are not for you
 Awsome!!!!
 Airy they don't get hot during Sparring. .don't retain the nasty odour...great product..light and tough.
 Great gloves.
 I got what I ordered ... These are not elite by they do the job for training and sparring.. Great price compared to any other place.
 Had for 4 months before the stitching started to go.  everlast is a misnomer!
 Purchased these Training gloves and it arrived very quickly. I took them out of the box and started using it right away. I am very please with the gloves and They provided enough padding when I do my Drills on the punching bag. I highly recommand if you are trying to get good workout gloves.
 Work like a charm
 Surprisingly smaller than the women's but still work well.
 These gloves may be good for aerobics, but they only lasted my first 5 months of heavy bag training and some light sparring before the seams started falling apart. The gloves are fine to try to see if you like boxing, but for long term use look for a higher end glove, especially if you hit harder than a 60 year old woman.
 I love these gloves. They fit just fine, no issues with a smell or anything else.
 Great product.
 Still use them!
 This set of boxing gloves were just what my grandson wanted.  I would have thought that they would have had a little more padding but maybe that is just the "grandma" in me!
 These were shipped the day I ordered them and were at my door in no time! They are so lightweight and do not make your hands so hot. The material on the palm is a mesh so it lets air in and out! I already received a couple compliments on them at the gym! Great buy! I definitely recommend!
 It took about a week of using these gloves, but after I broke them in they are great!
 Thumbs feel weird
 Yes v good
 The gloves give off a pungent smell, but it is a deodorizer. Ironic, but I guess I would have that smell rather than old sweat. The strap ripped within months of use, but nothing a little sewing could fix. Overall great for beginners.
 For the price you can't lose.
 I'd bought a air from Big 5 and bought a second as a gift to my workout buddy. I love the mesh front over the palms helps keep my hands from getting as sweaty and nothing beats your own pair of gloves!!!
 I recommend this product to anyone seeking boxing training gloves whether they are beginners or on a higher level. I have no complaints about this product. They serve their purpose.
 As expected
 Performed as advertised.
 Nice gloves!
 I am new to kickboxing so I was a little worried about ordering gloves without having tried them on. These are great, they provide support for my wrists and padding for my fingers.
 Great product. They smell like jet fuel out of the package. Took about a month for the smell to go away.
 very happy with the new gloves
 I box quite often, and I love these gloves. They provide excellent hand and wrist protection and have held up well with repetitive use.
 Great!
 Just what my son wanted.
 These glove get the job done for recreational use. They are light and dry easily. After about six month of continuous use, there is only slight fraying of the seams, but are in otherwise good shape.
 Bought these for my son and he has been very happy with them. Came nicely packaged  The gloves have been used quite a bit and so far have held up fine. The mesh packages have not however. The zippers break. I would recommend these gloves.
 Perfect for the price
 great gloves, and cheaper than from D*cks Sporting Goods.
 I bought these boxing gloves  to take to camp this year,have not used them,i know I will like them though.
 Great Purchase!!!!!!<br/>These gloves are well made and very comfortable. I have used these gloves everyday for the past week and have not had any problems with them.
 The gloves were exactly what I expected. Great product for the price, the only problem I have is they have a very strong odor, I have tried airing them outside, but after a month, we can not leave them closed up in gym bag.
 Great gloves, great price, and super fast shipping.
 These gloves have been working great for me!! I have only noticed a FAINT chemical smell, not a strong ones like some reviews noted.
 They look well made, strap is a little short. But smell is terrible. I kept them in a garage for a week but they still stink.
 Just what I was looking for
 The quality of these things are pretty good. I haven't used them much, but I think people would like em. I think you'll have to break em in a bit though. They're quite stiff when you get them. =/
 I needed training gloves to practice for MMA but the ones at the sport stores were really expensive. These are exactly like the 30 to 40 dollar Everlast from the store but a little cheaper. It was a good buy.
 love them they feel great ..
 All the stitching came loose just after 2 months of use.
 You get what you pay for.  IF YOU ARE NEW AND DON'T HIT VERY HARD THIS WILL WORK GREAT.  BUY
 I bought 3 pairs of these gloves for my three sons and after a few months of weekend use the Velcro straps are starting to rip.  I will give Amazon some props because after telling them about it they replaced one pair for me but now the other 2 are starting to go.  I'm not sure if I would've purchased a more expensive pair if it would've lasted any longer.  If your looking for an amateur pair for occasional use than this May fit the bill but if you plan on using it and undoing that strap a lot it will rip guaranteed.  What are the odds that all three are ripping in the exact same place at almost the exact same time, I guess very good if they are not made well.
 This was an awesome buy for what I got the same gloves you can go out and buy at a sports store and pay way more vs getting them from here and pay a lot less i train in classes w/ both boxing and kick boxing and there are great very happy w/ my purchase
 Velcro started following apart after a while. But still good gloves
 though the price was certainly right for these gloves, they promptly split at the seems during the 2nd or 3rd training session. A little duck tape allowed me to continue using them, but from now on I will spend a little more money and get a better glove. My trainer told me to get genuine leather and I am wishing that I would have taken his advice.
 Nice for the price. Good for amateur boxers
 The boxing gloves arrived on time and were what I expected.
 Off the chain
 Terrible. The strap broke after less than 10 sessions on the heavy bag.
 This is a basic boxing gloves for heavy bag punching and low intensity sparring. I  use these gloves twice a week and it is holding up fine so far. How long the gloves will remain usable is something to be seen.
 My order got to me really quick. The quality is great too! My son has used it and it handles a beating.
 These 14oz gloves are exactly what I needed for some basic workouts. I have only used them for hitting mitts so far, but am very pleased. My hands do get warm/sweaty, but they have vented areas in the palm to help a bit.
 It fits comfortably and great for beginners.
 The very same gloves I saw at Sports Authority for $40.00 and the same quality. There was a weird chemical odor but it went away after a day.
 Cheap but solid gloves. There is just a net on the inside of the glove which is nice for ventilation and to prevent smell.
 Love these gloves for my kick boxing class. The ever fresh inside keeps them smelling great, even after sweating inside.<br/>  The only thing I didn't like was they smelled like mothballs &amp; had a tough time getting that smell off of them.
 These are great. Haven't had them long but they stabilize and protect my wrists...I have nerve damage in both. We'll see how they hold up
 So far so good. I've actively used them for about 1 1/2 months and no tears or rips. The mesh palms are a great addition and seem to be holding up very well. All in all, a good buy, especially for the price.
 Great
 Excellent!
 Nítido
 Very nice gloves for the price. I'm not an aspiring boxer so I just do it for cardio and this is perfect for that.
 works great but even after owning them for almost a year they still have a strong oil smell to them
 rip easily in the straps but for the price acceptable
 They work great, very comfortable to wear and they keep my hands dry. I use a 150lb bag and 8t doesn't feel that way.
 Love the fit, love the color, love the feel. If you want a great set of gloves, these are it, and the price is not so shabby!
 My left glove only lasted 2 weeks before starting to tear apart. It first started with the thumb - fingers connector snapping off, then now the lining is tearing apart. Do not recomend this product
 Not Bad
 Grate, I switched from 14oz to 16. It gets time to get used to. But the workout is better, the materials are resistant. Grate for the heavy bag.
 I chose this rating because everything was as I expected it works perfectly, are sensational, I recommend this product to anyone who wants a router will complain not only perfect<br/>normal
 Good
 They never stink up .
 Nice
 Got them for my boyfriend he loves them , very affordable pro
 Gloves came just as described and have good amount of cushioning for your hands. Velcro makes it easy to put them on yourself.
 Great item, great seller
 Good gloves I keep boxing whit them
 Great quality gloves and very reasonably priced.
 The gloves fit their purpose. Comfortable for light bag and mitt work.  Recommended for beginners but would upgrade if deciding to spar
 Son very happy with them.
 The glove were great. I got them on time. I still have to see how long they'll last. They feel alright when practicing with them plus they're a good brand
 Comfortable fit but had a bad smell for about a month or so that left my hands smelling bad right after my workouts.
 These lasted about a month before the elastic broke on me now I can't use one of them. If you're going to buy gloves don't be cheap. You get what you pay for.
 Perfect in almost every way except for the left strap. Its already starting to rip after a few months use.
 Great gloves, not alot of wrist support though.
 Comfyable. Easy to put on. Easy to strap on. Easy to use. Easy to take off. Great quality great price.
 Fun gift
 The gloves have a very comfortable fit.  They are light (12 oz), can through punches<br/>as I desire.  Really good quality for a not too bad price.
 smell really bad
 I'm a female, 5'6" 140 pounds. I bought these because I needed a good pair of 16oz gloves. These were so loose and big that I couldn't even take them to the gym. I could slide my hand out with it Velcro'd shut, and I have really large hands! I ended up returning these for a air of RDX gloves that are fantastic!
 I have been using these gloves for a few months.  They feel great, are well padded and perfect for my use which is hitting the heavy bag in my home gym.  Recommend them.
 My son love this. But I don't like the smell of them when they are new.
 toxic... warning on label that says that chemicals used to make them cause birth defects, etc...  they stink of chemical and that is why...
 Thanks!
 I am a light heavyweight athlete and this gloves have been great. They look pretty nice too. They protect your hands well when punching a heavy-bag. I would definitely recommend it! Great price too.
 Worked out great. Son uses them everyday
 Bought these for kickboxing class and hitting the bags. didn't last a week until the threads on the front started unraveling. I don't suggest these to anyone.
 Ok
 Great gloves. I live the mess that let's the gloves breathe as I strike, it really helps with keeping my hands nice and cool. A great purchase for the price.
 Great
 These gloves are affordable and good quality for the price. These gloves aren't meant for those who are trying to spar or compete. I think its better for training and light sparring.
 Awesome!
 It ripped after 6 months. It's really bad! Don't buy!
 Great color!!!  Use them twice a week.  Easy to fasten.
 Great product for the price. Shipped and arrived on time. The gloves themselves are great and are not the highest quality, but they get the job done. I suggest to get some hand wraps to use with these gloves.<br/><br/>Will do business again. :)
 It's perfect for who wants to do muay thai. I'm short (1,52m) and have small hands, but the gloves fit great and it isnt heavy. Dont worry if you think it's tight...with time the leather softens and envelops your hand perfectly.
 Quality gloves for a very good price. Would definitely recommend.
 So the gloves themselves are pretty decent. The padding is good and so is the fit and feel on the bag. The major problem is the poor stitching. After two uses one of my gloves, the stitching that held the wrist strap on started to come undone and would have completely ripped off if it was used any more. Was forced to return my gloves due to this defect.
 great
 very satisfied
 They really don't have much padding for 16 oz gloves. Very firm and not too cushy. Not ideal for sparring as a beginner.
 I got these for practice gloves. They are perfect at what I bought them for. Probably not as good for an actual match but for training they are great.
 GOOD ITEM
 Nice, light and beautiful
 Its ok
 My boyfriend has recently started getting into boxing, and I figured he would appreciate a nice pair of gloves. Not only does he love the fit of them and the quality, but his favorite color is blue so it was perfect! And a great price, I might add.
 great training gloves
 Perfect
 Great for my boxing class! Fits good. I have already used it 4 times.
 Wrist Straps ripped only in taking three boxing classes.
 I used them for Muay Thai, great gloves for a great price, once I worn this out I will definitely buy a replacement from the same brand.
 works
 Great!
 great product
 Top!my first pair of glowes, 12oz is perfect pudding to protect delicate hands.
 Punch quality
 I love this gloves. I was previously using gloves that were too small. These gloves have plenty of cushion and I love the color
 thank you
 I am a beginner and I am very satisfied with these gloves. I am 5'9'' and 145 lbs. These gloves work perfect for me. Well made and solid.
 Product came in proper and good packaging. Fits my training purpose, sand bag training or sparing.<br/>The gloves are comfortable, airy and easy to maintain. Durability wise, can't say much as i only had it for a month
 Seem to be made decent for the price.  Is use them for a kick boxing class.  Seem good.  Have a medium amount of padding.
 Great gloves with good wrist support. They were very affordable for gloves of this quality. I use them often for muay thai training. Would definitely recommend.
 Great gloves, very durable and a steal for the price
 Great gloves! I Box/Kickbox for exercise including heavy bag training and sparring. These gloves have been great for training and were at a great cost too,
 The straps are coming off already after only 2 uses. Very bad. I missed the return time or else i would
 love them
 Really good quality gloves and great value for money.
 These gloves are very fitting, comfortable, and exactly what I was looking for. Great for training and practicing striking. !!
 Love it
 Great fit. Love the way they feel when I hit bag.
 The gloves are very strong and well made, but the zise is unspecified you have to be carefull in order to choose a the rigth zise.
 Work great for my sparring and bag work sessions
 Seam split after less than an hour of use. Otherwise they were fine, though the velcro didn't get as tight on the wrists as I would have liked. I'm returning them and looking elsewhere.
 Everything seems to be ok except for the package weight, it says 1.6 pounds and it's actually 2.679 pounds. When you need to pay per pound then is not a really nice thing.
 Great cheap pair! I've had these for about a year and the Velcro is now coming undone but they work well with being used almost every day.
 The gloves are great but start to wear fast. training and sparring wise they are awsome. Would recommend good product
 with that much cushion my hands should not be getting cut open.
 b
 Awesome gloves I use to train hard work great. Use wrist wraps
 Great for starters!
 I live in a duplex and the gloves were left at the wrong door step. Well they got stolen,I emailed amazon and on the first response back the customer service person had already re-shipped them out to me with next day shipping at no additional charge to me. I dident know there were company's out there that still provide that kind of excellent service. Ok so how are they gloves woking out? Great! They are not leather but still durable enough for intense heavy bag sessions. DO NOT use for sparring.  Their is not enough padding on the glove for that. You will break your knuckles or worse someones ribs. On the heavy bag you can hit as hard as you want just make sure you use handwraps under. That's a nessesity with any glove you wear.
 awfull smell! Surprised that Everlast is using these materials for their products! Low price! Awfull smell!
 Basic 16 oz boxing glove. It gets the job done!
 Excellent - great quality - presented as gift which was received with much appreciation.
 OK GLOVES FOR BASIC BOXING
 The are exactly as expected.
 The only negative is the smell of them. I am hoping it wears off with use. Other than that they are a great value
 DO NOT BUY THESE!!!! I have had them for months and they STINK!!! I bought them to take to the gym and they smelled so bad that people started to complain.  Nobody wanted to be my gym partner for sparring, and I couldn't understand why i kept getting headaches! It was the smell!!! I have them in the garage and I can still smell them there.  I want to throw them away but can't bear to toss my money away like that.  I missed the return period hoping they would air out, but they never did.  Probably my worst purchase to date on Amazon.
 Great product.
 It is exactly what it says to be. They are comfortable and easy to use. I recommend these to anyone who is looking for a good set of gloves.
 Don't like the factory smell on the gloves.
 Love them! Very comfortable and effective!  Great price.
 My daughter loved and they fit perfectly.
 Good one
 These gloves can take a beating. I have used them for 6 months 2 to 3 times a week for about an hour each day. My use for them is bag work and sparing.
 These gloves are really great for hitting the bag or training. They do run a little tight, I have the 12oz gloves and have pretty small hands for a guy and they feel a bit tight. I still have to break them in so Im sure the gloves will fit perfect once I do. But If you like your gloves to fit a little loose get the 14oz.
 I ordered two (2) pairs, they were delivered on time with no damage or anything of the sort. Also the gloves seemed to be well designed and sturdy, can't wait to try them out. I'm very pleased.
 Very nice for its price
 Love them
 Nice
 a
 These are great for a new boxer
 Great gloves for beginner boxers.
 If you want to train at home, I recommend this gloves they will keep your hands, fists, and wrist safe!
 The gloves don't look exactly like the picture, they're actually nicer and more of a darker red, but not too darker. I'm a beginner and take boxing classes and these work perfectly!
 Excellent item. I am getting everything i wanted and needed from these glove... Comfortable safe and high proformance
 Im Very satisfied. ..these are some great gloves recommended to a few friends already.. real durability and comfort nice buy
 Good!
 Got these as a gift and they fit very nice and protect my hands well.
 Great gloves.  Very comfortable for use on my heavy bag.
 Gloves have heavy smell and it gets on your hands, hard to wash off smell. They work fine, not sure why the smell is so bad?
 good price!
 These are great gloves. They fit a little snug with my hand wraps but I think it's because I haven't broken them in yet and are still pretty stiff.
 These feel great!
 Great product and price.
 The gloves are a good buy at a good price.  They hold up well against bags and pads.  HOWEVER, the foam is not suitable for sparring, as it is heavier and denser than your usual sparring gloves.
 Ripped after the first month...not worth buying
 And they look like ice
 Got gloves as a beginner. As I become more committed, will buy a more quality glove.  Threads coming for seams and wrists are stiff.
 Arrived right on time and should work great for just sparring with friends, fit fine and are good quality for what you pay for.
 Very comfortable gloves and the price is within acceptable range.  Looks really good as well.
 Perfect fit and got here on time.
 I use them all the time and they are great! Awesome gloves to train in
 The wrist wraps on both gloves fell apart within 2 months. I would not buy these gloves again.
 It was all right
 Crappy gloves, I expected higher standards
 These gloves are excellent.  I teach a cardio boxing class and needed something with good padding to protect my knuckles.  These gloves deliver just that.  They are comfortable and are a good weight.  They do have a strong odor, but it isn't noticeable for long.
 Gloves work well, but fit too snugly and are very difficult to take off once they're on (I usually have to slide my hand out because I can't unfasten them!)
 Good set of mitts for a new comer/ casual workout boxing.
 Excelent all
 For such a great price, I have no complaints.  No surprises and they do what they advertise.  Can't go wrong here.
 nice birthday
 It smelled awful. I had to place it outdoors for a few weeks to get rid of the odor. I got what I paid for.
 Not everlasting :)<br/>Decent quality for the price.<br/>Comfortable fit.
 So far these are a good buy for a good cost.
 I'm a beginner and these are my first gloves. They are great quality, durable, and fit nicely.  At this price, it's a steal!
 Bought these to use on a 100 pound heavy bag. They work great. Good padding and a good "pop" sound when you hit the bag correct. They seem to air out pretty quick, also.
 Love the color, the velcro stickies take a little getting use too! other than that, so far, so good!<br/><br/>received fast (within a week)
 nice
 Basically a very good pair of gloves. They work very good and are easy to strap. They don't start smelling and they stay fresh. They are easy to put on and they have a little thing to keep the gloves from slipping but not to much to annoy you.
 Looks just like the picture!
 They're good for training.
 Good for training,
 The gloves were new and work as expected but it seems like they were stored in a place with mothballs because they have a lasting odor. I've tried febreeze and other methods but the mothball smell won't go away!
 very good
 Great!
 love it
 They work as expected. Which is to say, very well. Invest in a boot dryer to dry these suckers on after rigorous use to prevent microbial occupation.
 The gloves fit perfectly, they were the correct weight and were not very expensive. I ordered them from Amazon and they were delivered three days later. I highly recommend them!
 the padding on the glove is great, but the wrist strap needs improvement.
 Excellent set of gloves. I used them for heavy bag training.
 We love these gloves.  My whole family uses them to box each other.<br/>We've had them a year and they are still in great shape.
 Durable, good material, just what i expected, also free shipping for 2 days:)
 Nice fit, nice weight, great product. I would get these again. Boxing class is going great!
 Good gloves, not great wrist support. Velcro strap doesn't wrap entirely round the wrist. Just enough to keep the gloves on.
 These are great to use for boxing. A great arm workout. I love them and recommend them for purchase highly.
 nice glove and fit perfect
 I love the gloves...but full disclosure:  I only started boxing 4 weeks ago...soooo I don't really know what constitutes "great" gloves.  However, paying only 15 bucks to avoid having to use the disgusting, repulsive, smelly gym gloves is an extremely small price to pay.<br/><br/>I did hear my meathead boxing coach telling a sparring partner that I hit, "hard as s***".  I was a bit surprised.  I mean, I don't think I hit softly or anything, but again, I'm so new I don't have a gauge of what's hard and soft.  I wonder if my supposedly hard hitting is due to the gloves lacking sufficient padding?  *shoulder shrug*  15 bucks...who cares?
 Very good for amateurs. Have a remarkable experience!
 I use this for my Cardio Kick class at the gym.  It's the perfect design for that purpose, per my instructor.  Shipment arrived at my house timely and was in great condition.
 I just started a boxing class and needed cheap gloves. I don't really know anything about boxing or gloves but they've been fine by me. I like the velcro straps because I can easily put them both on take them off by myself.
 Love um,
 Fit very well. Easy to clean.
 I'm new to boxing, so I don't have a wealth of experience with gloves, but I would like to say that they don't give me any problems
 I have never bothered to review a product on Amazon before, but felt obligated to warn others against purchasing these gloves. The stench is unbearable. I'm not talking about the sweat-induced BO stench that develops after using boxing gloves for a while. I'm talking about the pungent chemical stench that was so strong I first noticed it when I picked up the shipping package on my front porch. I was outside on my patio and I smelled the stench through the box! I cannot adequately describe how awful this smell is. I truly felt like I was putting my health at risk each time I took a breath.  I waited two weeks for the smell to diminish before returning them. Don't waste your time and endanger your health by ordering these gloves!
 a gift for my grandson, he is a mixed martial artist and he needed these for training and he was thrilled to get them
 I like the gloves. Very comfortable.
 It works fine for my sparring class and also for my heavy bag class. Highly encourage for you to buy!
 they smell is so bad, these golves might be made of cheap material. I don't want to buy it again.
 excellent
 These gloves provide good wrist stabilization but I expected softer gloves for 16oz. Not sure these are right for sparring.
 Great gloves!
 I have had these for about a month and use them about 4 days a week.  I they great, just the right amount of weight, easy to put on.
 Just what I was looking for.
 Great gloves for training. Was pleased with the quality.
 good gloves
 Amazing!
 great product
 Terrible, terrible smell. Can't use them because of that. Can anyone advice how to get rid of the smell?? please.
 Look and feel high quality
 I personally think these run a bit large, my 10 year old son thinks they are fine. They are genuine everlast so of course they are great sparring gloves, I'm really happy with the arrival time, the packing, and the fact that the gloves weren't squished into a tiny bag or box, these arrived in great shape and inside a reusable mesh bag which was u expected and appreciated!! 5 stars*****
 Nice price for such gloves. However,the wrist part of this glove is not very strong. If you want to use this pair of gloves, you must wear hand warps for more protection.
 Great product!
 Got these for my son, who is learning boxing. Good fit and function but after about six months the wrist straps are starting to tear.
 These gloves have the worst synthetic lining I have ever seen, it already tore in the wrist (leaving the padding loose) and fingers area.
 These are great for my conditioning class where we don't need hardcore real boxing gloves. Definitely leave them out to air for a bit-- other reviews say they smell like plastic and they're right! Give them a week just sitting out and that smell will go away.
 Great quality, and they get the job done.
 Good gloves, but the odor is unbearable and it does not fade away.
 good
 awesome
 Perfect for sparing or use on the bag
 Awesome.  And fits perfectly
 Thiese gloves tore at the seams in a month and are useless now... Not made for actual use?. Stay away
 Inexpensive but likely a knock off.  Took forever to get and came from China in a plastic bag.  I have used them twice a week for bag work for about 4 months and they are starting to fall apart.  Granted they were cheap but not good quality.
 These are just what I was looking for. Prefect weight, well padded and absorb the shock well. Go great with the matching bag.
 Great quality easy to put on, ajustable fitting, great size for average adult hand size. They work and thats what I need.
 Love them!
 The gloves are good quality, but run on the small size. They are stretching out little by little. The shipping took a VERY long time.
 Excelent gloves
 These gloves won't last forever, but for thirty bucks they are a good deal. The velcro fasteners are tight to get on... they could be a bit longer... but other than that they are well made.
 These gloves look great, feel great, and fit wonderfully. Great starter set to beat up on my heavy bag with.
 I bought it for my friend.. And he absolutely LOVE it !
 product is great but it smell so bad...
 A little stiff for my teenage boys. I bought these for them to box with but I think they would be better for hitting a bag for workouts.
 Not suitable at all for any high impact boxing exercise. Padding lackluster and the wrist wrap is hard to fasten.
 I haven't use them yet but it looks good
 great for price
 Taking a "hot boxing" classes which incorporates aerobics with real boxing and the gloves are perfect.  No problems and they fit great.
 The gloves are great but the strap is very cheap. It started tearing within 2 weeks
 It did not specify they were men size and i cant use them i specifically put in the search box women boxing gloves and yours were the first on the list. Since i have an 8 ounce pink set but already braking because of use i decided to buy new ones and i juat received them today but i cannot used them they are way to big i am a petite woman imagine the size of my hands. Please advice on what we should do
 Worth for its price!
 They work ok for the classes, but weren't the nicest option out there.
 The smell is really awful
 Niceeeeee!!!
 Bought these gloves. I am 5'11" with medium sized hands. When I first put them on they were so incredibly tight that I was considering returning them. They have stretched and fit perfect even with wraps underneath. Good buy
 Pros:<br/>Comfortable and nice for entry level gloves.<br/>Works well, had it for 1 month only.<br/><br/>Cons:<br/>Factory odor when it arrives.
 Excelent for hitting a heavy bag. Additional colors would be nice (I always wanted green lttle-mac-style gloves). Hands remain fresh.
 I do karate,but got this because I want to do some boxing and it was the right choise.they fit perfect with handwraps and I use them a lot.good price too!
 Possibly nice if you use them once or twice a month, I wouldn't recommend them for consistent use or competition.
 I'm having so much with this!  Gloves fit very nicely, very lightweight.
 Good product...smells like gasoline at the beginning
 Good gloves for the money..
 They fit perfect.
 love them
 Good quality for the price. I'm happy with my purchase
 Gets worse quickly when using it a few time
 I enjoy using these glove very much. a little getting used to putting it on, but fits well and protects your hands, wrists and more!
 I purchased these gloves with the intent of buying another pair of cheap gloves. But I am glad to say that the padding hasn't worn down. They fit nice. The only thing is that they fit small. So if my suggestion is to go a size bigger. Overall I give them 5 stars.
 Looks good. Feels good. No complaints.
 I have used few gloves and this one is really good for hitting heavy bag.<br/>it smells little bit bad but will be gone.
 I bought this for my husband and it ended up better than what we expected. He was very happy with this product. Not only was it perfect but they shipped it out and the next day it arrived here!! A+
 Wish they were bigger but overall they are great gloves. I would recommend the hand wraps for this item as well.
 I am very pleased with the quality of this product. The delivery was very quick as well. I highly recommend this product who wants to incorporate hitting the heavy bag into their cardiovascular routine.
 Got my product and enjoy it very much, i would recommend it, very happy, amazon helped me get my product and It's great!
 The gloves came with a little flaw in the lether. But are really nice for training.
 good quality, seems like they will last a while
 i already kick a few asses. thank for the gloves
 You get what you pay for; these gloves have little padding and my knuckles were aching after a session of heavy bag work.
 Arrived on time was packed well and fits as expected
 Good training gloves
 They are amazing, and they are supportive, though I had to purchase addition wrist wraps. They make hitting the punching bag a lot less painful.
 My son loves his gloves. I will be ordering him another pair for his friends to use when they come over.
 Excellent
 Awesome and comfortable but super smelly, like a sharpie broke in the gloves.
 Great product!
 Great fit great look
 has strong odor
 Best I ever had, thanks
 Good product! My 15 year old son really likes it and has used them a lot since Christmas. Would recomend.
 Great
 Comfortable gloves with good protection.
 Work great!
 Great quality for the novice boxer. The mesh on the palm helps your hand breath. Great product for the price.
 smells a bit but hey great product good timing fits ok. great color and great product everlast is the best
 My cousin loves his Christmas gift he's been using the gloves in his everyday workouts. The gloves are made with good quality material.
 What a nice time these have brought me.
 using these for over a month now in a kickboxing/fitness class, they are comfy and protect hands well. Price ok too.
 Bought the 16oz for training. These gloves fit great with wraps on, they are just perfectly tight !!<br/><br/>The materials are pretty good, not as great as leather, but you just can't go wrong with the price!!
 Good
 These gloves are exactly what I was looking for.  Great fit and they work perfectly for my bag work.  Would definitely would recommend.
 Nice pair of gloves but smell bad, they look nice and do the job but smell very very bad ..
 Muy buenos guantes para entrenamiento, estan bien acolchados y son resistentes, buena calidad del material y acabados de primera, los recomiendo
 Not a lot of cushion and the form is uncomfortable.
 Got these for my teenage grandson.  They look very nice and sturdy.  He's enjoying them and even grandpa gets them out and uses them
 way better than my old gloves. i really like them a lot. most definitely would recommend these, they don't stink neither, smells like they are new
 Arrived on time. fits and works great as expected with everlast.
 Good
 Good gloves for training
 My daughter loves it. Thanks
 Great for my son's weight training by closing his workout with the speed bad then using these gloves to pound the heavy bag.
 my son loved these.  strong but lightweight.
 The product arrived in time frame described and in great condition.  The gloves are of great quality, especially for the low price.  They're great for everyday boxing and practice, not so much for actual hardcore combat.  Great buy!
 Good quality for the price
 Buenos
 Great training gloves, light weight and comfortable. Easy to get on Velcro wrist straps. Looking forward to my next bout.
 use them for my mma training and sparring. work very well. the only thing that i would change about these gloves would be to have them wrap all the way around my wrist.
 nice pair ogf gloves for the price
 good value
 Great boxing gera
 I bought these gloves to use during heavy bag training.<br/>However, I think it may be that at 180lbs/5'7', my hands are simply too big for the 14 oz gloves that I bought. I've given it a few weeks, but it's clear that this purchase was a waste of $20.<br/><br/>Interestingly enough, these Everlast gloves are physically larger than the UFC Neoprene gloves I had been using for the past 16 months, and are actually offer more protection to hands, but make for an uncomfortable training experience.<br/><br/>Next time, I will physically go to a sporting goods store when looking for a glove.
 Cant live withput my everlast gloves
 Perfect weight, smooth and solid. Everything I was looking for. I don't feel much on my hand or wrist when I am hitting the bag.
 We purchased these for a football drill. Great for the price. However, the gloves smelt terribly as other reviewers noted. If the gloves were to be used for the purpose of boxing, we would have returned and made a different purchase.
 Your hands will appreciate it. Had a 12oz pair before and boy my hands were destroyed. Just what I needed. Nice upgrade!!!
 Perfect
 Very good , this is the best glove i bought for such a cheap price
 These are very good for training
 Maybe I didn't know enough about gloves before buying these, but I received them and they were way too big for me.
 Love them!
 wow!! this product came in 2 DAYS after i bought it!! and i have never seen better quality work... WORTH THE MONEY!!! (PRETTY CHEAP TOO) ;)
 There comfortable, and really hold up under the pressure I create. (:.. I highly recommend them for training on the focus mitts, or shadow boxing.
 Love them
 Great product
 Im Really Happy With The Boxing Gloves I Got From Amazon !! 👍👏
 Great !!
 Good timing for receive. And good quality oc course.
 Good starter gloves for new boxing fans. Took a few rounds with the heavy bag to break them in and now fit great. Great for punching my boys haha.
 Before I write a review for these, ill explain the size differences. Contrary to what people are saying just because you have a big hand does not mean you should op for a 16 oz. The 16 oz is for sparring, meaning that it has extra padding near the knuckle area to protect your partner, not you. The 14 and 12 oz are bag gloves, meaning they provide protection for your hand but not what you are punching. Do not spar with these as they could critically injure your opponent. That being said if you plan on buying these and joining a gym, you should opt for the 16 oz, as most gyms have a 16 oz minimum.<br/>  I opted to buy the 16 oz because Im a amateur fighter and for conditioning purposes. These gloves are very snug when you put them on, but do not worry because like shoes you will need to break them in. The thing i didnt like about these gloves was the thumb lock, as putting the gloves on by yourself becomes almost impossible. However these are very high quality gloves for their price and you are getting what you paid for.
 Meets expectations
 The gloves were a gift for my grandson, he loved them. The quality was great for the price. But, then again, how can you go wrong with Everlast.
 They smell like petroleum; the smell has lasted for at least 2 months.
 Just fine for sparing in class. My daughter has no  problem putting them on by herself, Quite usable for controlled contact sparing
 Good
 This product definitely surpassed my expectations. the gloves are comfortable and very durable. I enjoy working out with them. will recommend to others in the future.
 Excellent
 Huge upgrade over the gloves that came with my heavy bag and not so expensive for just starting out.  Would definitely recommend these to anyone new to heavy bag workouts.
 great
 Yes! Got'em! Whoo! They're kinda hard compared to my folks' own gloves, so I guess I GOTTA BREAK 'EM IN...<br/><br/>... working on that, so I'll just say it's great!
 I founded my own fight club with 2 pairs of these... It has been a lot of fun with my friends. Some blood in the noses but it's all right.
 Awesome product. Gets the job done
 The product was as expected. Arrived on time.
 Really good gloves they feel amazing
 EXCELENT
 I like the vents in them. The padding is minimum in 12 oz but that is ok for training. Great buy
 Sturdy starter gloves, comfortable, and mesh provides nice ventilation.
 Just for training with the heavy bag, not professional kick boxer here, but so far they are fine for an exercise routine.
 Have been great gloves
 I use these for cardio boxing class.  About half the price of retail store boxing gloves.  Perfect for the class.
 Fit well, easy to strap on, good value.
 You can tell when you get em that it has quality materials.
 These gloves are for adult use and are great for heavy bag or just sparring. Good quality and very durable. I love the hook and loop wrist strap makes it easy for on/off by yourself. Good buy
 Good quality gear at a great price
 I love them
 The padding is great and i like how you could choose your size and the shipping is good it is really good for heavy bag and mitts.
 awesome
 These are the best gloves, in my opinion.<br/>they never stink either.<br/>good choice~
 It broke after a week. Bad quality
 Love love love!!! Thank you!!!
 I'll keep this short and to the point. I'm a Muay Thai fight and this a great for training.
 I bought these gloves for a boxing class that has weight bags, and it works out great for that!  They even have a little opening that allows for air flow.
 The product was delivered on time  and  Excellent quality, I recommend this product to all my friends, I really apreciate the good job in the service
 Great product
 Great training gloves!
 I got those gloves as a gift and I have been using everlast gloves for like 5 months , good quality I can say
 Love it
 Fit well, priced right. Arrived not long after the order. Perfect for heavy bag. Comes in a nice bag to hang and store.
 excelente producto, una gran ayuda para los entrenamientos, destaco por sobre todo la comodidad y lo comfortable de los materiales ¡gracias por la calidad!
 Just as expected. Quick deliver and amazing quiality gloves
 I wanted to get some exercise in and these gloves have done wonders.<br/>Also a quick way to release some stress.
 good
 my grandson is thrilled with these, thinks he's Rocky&gt;
 A+
 Comfortable and build quality is up to par...
 Very good
 Excellent product , quick delivery and had opportunity to use them , comfortable and protective
 Nice
 Definitely worth the price. The best, cheap gloves out there :) Well definitely recommend to anyone who wants their own gloves
 I received these gloves in the mail right away. They are just what I expected, I am very satisfied with this product.
 Durable quality. The 16oz is great for sparring.<br/>It does have an odd scent to it, but it's just the material.
 They work very well for both me and my wife we enjoy it very much looking to get more things
 I needed some gloves to start hitting the bag to stay in shape and these are great because it fit my needs and were not that expensive.
 It is OK
 Love it
 ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT
 Perfect
 I just can't stop using these gloves. They fit my hands perfectly and they give a nice sensation of speed and precision compared to my old bulky Amerika ones.
 Love it and feels good. Only thing it smell like smoke or something strong.
 these gloves are fine for my cardio boxing class, i do not recommend them for anything more serious.
 Love these
 Excellent price, good feel, good quality. Definitely buy!
 Great feel, can't wait to break em in :)
 gracias
 buy this site is very good
 I bought this glove for my son n he loves it. Also durable and does its job for the price. Great for any skill set
 Perfect size for women and good wrist support.
 Brand New
 Good beginner gloves.
 Not enough padding for good heavy bag workout. Will wear down your knuckles with these guys- better to buy a more expensive pair and save your hands
 For the price these gloves are great.
 Fits perfectly!!
 These gloves are good for anything starting or even a seasoned boxer. Can't go wrong with the price for what type of quality you get with these.
 I can't wait to use them!
 Great but
 good for training, the velcroe straps allow for easy and quick removal between circuit training sessoins.
 Really good gloves, but take a lot of time to break in, may seem really tight in the beginning . But Overall really good gloves
 great
 I've been doing boxing for a few months now and finally decided to buy some gloves of my own.  Love these gloves, very comfortable!!
 They fit great!
 Excellent
 I received my package today, used it once I got it and it works great. It is comfortable, cheap and it came in pretty quick.
 Great, durable gloves.
 Performs great!
 these are very good looking gloves, a bit stiff, but believe will soften up a bit. So far no problems
 They was good
 perfect!
 These boxing gloves are in great condition and they don't seem to rip at all which is very very good.
 Great light weight gloves. Well made
 Good quality and fit. I am a 5'10" woman and these fit my hands very well. The mesh material over the plams is very breathable and keep my hands from feeling too sweaty.
 Wonderful product! Great quality! Good Shipping is a must have product ! No damage to the product. Great for the price.
 Great product and fast shipping
 good
 The boxing gloves were purchased as a gift for the children, but was soon found to be great entertainment for the adults as well.
 product came in a day before arrival that was good.. product came in as said in description.. happy buyer. thanks..
 excelente
 Love these
 They fit well and are easy to take on and off.  Highly recommended.  They are durable and look great. I would recommend a standard weight gloves.
 Excellent product.
 Excellent
 ok
 gloves were fine but they took forever to get to us. Impatient boxer waiting for gloves for over two weeks.
 Horrible. Beyond horrible. I used Title gloves and was in love but they were pricey so I decided to give these a shot. Nope. My knuckles were badly bruised after my first session of boxing class. Protect your hands and spend the money to get better ones. My instructors told me to return these before class too.
 There's plenty of padding for hitting the heavy bag and the velcro straps are easy to put on and take off without another person there as opposed to laces. Nice weight and good wrist support too.
 good
 Great Product!! Love it
 I didn't notice when I ordered these that they didn't have a size listed...they came half way down my arm.  I was going to return them, but ended up selling them to someone with bigger hands.
 Awesome! Love them! Thanks!
 Great product! Great price!
 Nice pair of gloves. In the process of breaking them in and they're working out great. The wrist support is better than I expected.
 They feel great, fit great, I can get my SRL on with them.<br/>They also are VERY firm unlike other boxing gloves around this price range.
 perfect
 As expected, A+
 Awesome for price! They fit great around hand not big and fat.
 Great buy! kinda smelly though!
 Good
 Very good
 Hate the smell.
 Absolutely TERRIBLE gloves.. .First of all the chemical smell coming off of them is enough to make you pass out. Thy are extremely cheaply constructed. When I took them to my boxing gym, the owner said they will not protect my knuckles at all and to return them... so that's what I'm doing. Sometimes you get what you pay for...these are cheap for a reason.
 they were better than i anticipated
 They arrived quickly and were exactly what I needed.
 I bought these gloves for my Krav Maga class. They are very durable and comfortable. They hold up well during long drills as well as combat sparring.
 My hands usually fit an extra large winter glove. These boxing gloves fit my hands comfortably. The inside of the gloves dry relatively fast. They have held their shape for almost a year so far. I would purchase this product again. I recommend these gloves.
 Awesome
 So far so good. Happy with the purchase. It comes with a bag too so it's easy to carry around.
 Nice one
 It is a very good protection for my joins, 'where i got hurt most of the time.<br/>However, this is not 4 sparring, trust me on this.
 Good fit for my small hands, very durable and is great quality. I would recommend to any boxer or amateur taking classes
 Great buy, good quality product the fit is a lil snug but nothing too uncomfortable, love the blue color.
 Very sturdy excellent for a beginner boxer
 Very good, everthing ok thanks
 Gloves came just as the description stated and I'm really happy with them! I would definitely recommend these gloves to amateurs and professionals.
 Solid gloves all around, which is what I generally expect from Everlast.<br/><br/>The only negative thing I have about the gloves is that the straps Velcro on AWAY from the body (outside) instead of toward it.  So once you have one glove on, it's rather challenging to strap on the other glove with any sort of tightness around the forearm--it's a very unnatural motion.<br/><br/>Most training gloves strap on toward the fighter, so that, either by teeth or a rolling motion with your other (gloved) hand, you can easily connect the Velcro together.<br/><br/>For me, this is only a minor nuisance, that the quality of the gloves themselves more than make up for!
 pain
 There well padded
 thanks
 good
 these gloves are ok but however when i punch the bag alot with wrap on i start to feel my knuckles hurt.
 I love these gloves. They feel great on your hands and you barely feel anything when you hit the punching bag.
 The stench of gasoline on these is terrible and they are unusable. They were shipped to me from China and I suspect they are knock-offs.  They are cheap in appearance and construction and look nothing like the Everlast gloves that I was replacing.  I have already ordered a different pair from a reputable boxing supply company.  I will watch more carefully which 3rd party sellers are selling a product before I order on amazon again.  Don't waste your money!
 I'm only doing kickboxing and the gloves work great for me!  No complaints. I go almost everyday and they have held up fine.
 There was a mistake I asked for 12 oz pair, I get a 14 oz set. But it's daesn't matter.
 The dye they use to color the gloves smells really bad... Other than that, true to size fit and the Velcro is very durable!
 Excelent
 Good
 My kids love them.
 I ordered these gloves not only did they come right on time but they were really good, I was nervous cause some of the other reviews said they were stinky but I thought they smelt fine they fit perfectly and they also have good padding
 Perfect
 I bought my 14 year old son 16 oz. and trains with a 70 lbs training bag<br/>GREAT QUALITY GLOVES.
 the item arrived as expected product is acceptable for the price, fits my teen son fine and so far so good the stitching is holding up good the only reason why it does not get 5 stars is that it has a very strong chemical smell, after 6 or 8 weeks still smells so if you have allergies or problems of this sort don't get them otherwise they are ok,, my son leaves them outside the smell is bearable but not pleasant.. being this the only setback.
 It's okay not padded enough for me but does the job for the price. I will recommend it. Not bad.
 These may be decent gloves for beginners but if you are a decent amateur fighter, train semi seriously, or throw heavy punches on the bag, pick another glove. I used these gloves for about 3 weeks and the middle knuckle on my left hand is starting to hurt from throwing a lot of jabs. I think I'm just going to have to bite the bullet and buy a more expensive more serious hook and loop glove as these just dont do the job.
 good gloves for the price. I wouldn't use these for much more than working out on a heavy bag as they can start to make the thumbs and knuckles hurt.
 Great
 Awesome thang.
 I am a beginner boxer and have been using these gloves for 3 weeks now. I am having terrible hand and wrist pain and do not recommend. These gloves are not suitable for heavy bags. The gloves easily bend and are very thin compared to others. Maybe for a low impact activity these make sense but for me, these are very painful.
 love it
 Perfect!
 These are a huge improvement over my old gloves. They seem to provide good protection.  I have used them for both sparring and heavy bag work and they are holding up well.  They fit snugly when wearing 180" wraps and my large hands but it's not that bad. I would recomend them to anyone starting boxing especially for the price. (The same exact thing was $80 at a large retail chain)
 Good gloves. Nice weight for general use. They come with an anti-microbial lining so that's nice. The velcro strap allows me to put them on myself.
 Very good.
 These gloves offer good hand protection for heavy bag work or sparring.  The velcro closures work well but the gloves are hard to put on and take off alone.  They do not breathe at all.  Decent value for the money, but I'll spend more next time to get a better designed glove.
 i always box with everlast gloves but its often hard to find a pair for a woman that fit well but are still heavy enough for sparring. these work perfect and i prefer this wrist strap to the slide on.
 I know these things were made in China, but they smell like they were made in a really bad smelling chemical factory. They will stink up your house. I even washed them with soap and couldn't get the smell off of them. It makes me wonder if they're even safe. I've never smelled boxing gloves with this strong of an odor.
 Good
 Everyone used to want red gloves, now they want black gloves, next will be blue gloves.  Get ahead of the curve and get your blue gloves now so you will be the first one on your block with them!
 The best Training Gloves that I ever see, I used this gloves with Everlast Evergel Hand Wraps S/M to a better fit and punch.<br/><br/>Muito boa para treinos, eu uso esta luva com o modelo Evergel hand wraps para um melhor encaixe e sem mobilidade para potência e precisão no soco.<br/>Training Gloves: 12 onças e Evergel Hand Wraps S/M, um pouco apertada, mas muito boa quando se acostuma!
 I used these for a kickboxing class, it was my first time taking it and only once a week. After only a few classes my knuckles started hurting and were turning red from these gloves. I couldn't use them anymore after that.  Clearly these are not adequate for even the lightest boxing activity and not even worth the money. Better to buy a better pair than wasting it on these trying to get a bargain.
 good bang for the buck.. just started hitting heavy bag and was looking for some stylish and workable gloves..
 Good weight for beginners trying to get into boxing. decent amount of padding for protection for your fists. easy to put on with the Velcro strap and you don't need assistance with them.
 I had purchased a pair of these 3 years ago at a brick and mortar store and was happy with the performance and longevity. I ordered the same pair from amazon a year ago and they have not held up nearly as well with the same usage. The Velcro on the wrists comes loose during use and the padding in front of the knuckles is rather thin. I have compared them to my old set and they just dont appear to be of the same quality.
 I just signed up for a kick boxing class and I think this gloves are perfect for<br/>kicking the heavy bag.<br/><br/>How to select a glove:<br/><br/>Weight<br/><br/>180 lb  16oz  16oz  16oz<br/><br/>160lb  14oz.  14oz.  16oz<br/><br/>140 lb  12oz.  14oz.  16oz<br/><br/>Height  5'5''  5'8''  6'
 everlast is one of the best boxing brands there is. these gloves are great quality and look really good.
 Not exactly crime fighting gloves. But these do help me knock out classmates. These gloves and my fists combine to form something both beautiful and deadly. I am certain I would be just as terrifying without the gloves, but with them I give my opponents the appearance of someone who "plays by the rules". I can assure you, I do not.<br/><br/>When I spar, I spar to win. I'm not looking for "a good workout", I am looking to crush my enemies. These gloves by everlast allow me to move in close to my sparring partner and unleash a fury of jabs, hooks, straight punches, knee kicks and body kicks. My foes never understand where the flurry is coming from.<br/><br/>On top of the killing power they enable me with, the easy on easy off design is great. The meshed palm is fantastic as it destroys sweats natural tendency to ruin everything (damn sweat glands, I'd punch them too if I could).
 These gloves offer no protection.  They are made with flimsy material.  My hands were hurting within minutes after throwing the first few punches on a heavy bag.  I went back to my old gloves.
 I was pleased with the product. I got exactly what I ordered, nothing more, nothing less.
 Very pleased. Would be even more pleased if the gloves came with a set of wraps.
 I used them as props for an event I was doing. They work great for that. But outside of looking at them, I don't think they're real great.
 bought this item for my cousin who started boxing classes,they do what there suppose to do,knock people the F out.
 I wouldn't reccomebd these to anyone looking to do more than hit a very light bag. The smell if the vinyl glove surface is quite nauseating when they first arrive and never send to go away.
 These things are absolute crap. They  offer no protection whatsoever. Every punch to any heavy bag is going to hurt and ultimately do damage to your hand, wrist and shoulder. My advice is that you pony up another $75 and purchase a decent set of bag gloves. I recommend gloves that contain foam or gel. Check out gloves by Title, Rival, and Sanabul. One quick word of advice. If you decide on gloves by Rival, purchase them from Rival's website. Amazon has only one distributor of Rival bag gloves and not surprisingly they rape the customers to the tune of a 40% price hike.
 Good enough to punch Presidents, I tried...I'm still standing...someone new is in office now.
 Shipping was late. The gloves were purchased on a Saturday and just arrived 10 days later, after my friend left the country, so she couldn't bring them to me. Shipping was supposed to take 3-5 business days, but took way more than that. In summary, gloves are still in the US, and it was useless buying it. I still don't have it. I will have to wait until I go to US to pick it up.
 The gloves arrived on time, packaged perfectly. My grandson loves them. Thank you. I your system continues to "tell me how many words are adequate for feedback, you will lose me as a customer". The feed back is mine to freely donate; not yours to dictate how long it must be.
 I like these gloves because they fit well and look good.  They are perfect size for small hands like mine.
 They are a little for 14, but they were well with what I am doing which is just using it to train. Not recommended for sparring, but still a good buy!
 Great product for bag classed but no one said that the 16oz would be larger in size the the other boxing gloves. I think someone supposed to mention that it would be bigger than the other gloves in size and shape...
 I bought them for my girlfriend and she says she loves them so yeah.
 These are only good if your a beginner and hitting mits these are not good for anything else.
 The material is OK, but they are very bad: hands heart after using them and I cannot punch strong enough.
 These gloves have no chance of being kept- The SMELL is VILE... There is no way you coudl box, hold these close to your face the way they smell. It is like a burnt tire- and it doesnt go away. Wish I had read other reviews better- the smell is horid...
 Don't get me wrong, these gloves are great. They even come with a small glove keychain. Super cool. However, I ordered the red gloves because my school REQUIRES us to use red gloves. INSTEAD I RECEIVED BLUE GLOVES. Oh my god, I dont think I'll be buying sports equipment online anymore. I've learned my lesson I guess. Thanks Amazon, for getting me kicked out of my boxing class.
 My son uses these all the time.  They still look brand new
 The right of my glove set puts the punches' force into the second set of knuckles, not first set. So the glove ends up hurting the fingers.
 My niece is happy, he really like it. Thanks
 Great gloves, wife also loves them.
 get what you pay for, starter gear
 Great for big hands.
 gift
 satisfied
 The package the gloves came in was ripped and torn at the seams. It was disappointing to open my package and pull that out.
 Love it !
 excellent!
 Great glove style
 I found what I was looking for at a great price. It is a quality brand that I have used for years
 These gloves fit okay and were reasonably priced. But... the smell has overwhelmed our entire house. We have been forced to put the gloves in another room and shut the door. I would be highly surprised if I found out that these gloves did not cause cancer. Highly, highly surprised.
 The smell is awful, why????? Is it the color that causes it to smell so awful.
 Not bad
 Daughter loves having her own, and doesn't have to wear other people's sweaty ones,
 Perfect
 are not the ones in the picture.. i got a regular ones... they are fine besides that...
 cheaply made
 Great product but the quality needs to be worked on. The threading along the inside of the gloves will fray within days. I pray they won't fall apart after a couple months of use.
 First pair of boxing gloves, just wanted them to hit a heavy bag.  They work great, good wrist support and padding for hitting the bag.  Also easy to put on for just one person thanks to the velcro.  Good purchase, product is well made.
 Fitting great and very comfortable. The only downside that my hands sweat inside.
 Son starting boxing and wanted all red equipment and Everlast.  We selected these gloves.  Very nice fit on him even with heavy handwraps.  Ordered a 2nd pair so he and I can have some fun.
 These gloves arrived in new retail packaging. I'm very pleased with the quality after using them. Only took 3 days to receive them
 I ordered two pairs, first I thought well maybe something was wrong with the manufacturing. But no, they all smell like gasoline.
 straps easily unravels.  It's been used 2 months straight...
 Thanks for all the reviews which convinced me to buy those gloves.  I love the gloves: very well protective (knuckles, thumbs, and wrists) and very easy to put on and take off.  They really "fit like a glove" for my small hands.  I certainly will buy those gloves again.<br/><br/>I agree with many reviews saying those gloves are small for average-man hands.  I used to have another Everlast sliding-in gloves with elastic bands, which were very inconvenient to put on, especially when wearing glove on the other hand.<br/><br/>10/10/2008 (updated):<br/>I still use those gloves (in black).  I bought another pair in blue.  I alternate the pairs every other workout.  I have been using them 3 days/week for 4 to 12 3-minute rounds with 30 seconds rest.  They surely last long and protective.
 This product is good if your just punching a bag to get ready to destroy your enemies it's gets a little limp after a while but it's cool!!!
 I could not have made a better decisition. For what i paid for these compared to what there going for at sporting goods stores. Man I made out Luke a bandit.
 The product I received wasnt what was shown in the pictures.
 great
 I hit some kid in the face with these. He got knocked out. I was happy. Awesome product.
 At 10 weeks my left glove busted open. Great for beginners, not so great if you want long term quality. When my friend saw these he said, "They won't last a year," and he was totally right. The stitching opened up and the thumb tag came loose too. These gloves are great for very light boxing only. But it's like... how long will you be going that light anyways until you start throwing the real deal??
 The inside of the right glove began to shred within a matter of weeks.  Unfortunately it was past the return policy of the seller. Needless to say I'm very displeased.<br/><br/>-------------------------------------------------------------------------<br/><br/>Also don't order from MMA ONE STOP SHOP they are not a licensed dealer so if the product is defective the manufacturer will not do anything about it.  Their customer service is useless.
 Excelent!!
 I train about 5-6 days a week and needed some new sparring gloves. I saw the price of these Everlast gloves and couldn't resist. Well, I should have. I suppose I should have known these would be poorly made given the price, but I had to try them out. Long story short, I obliterated these gloves after just a couple weeks. The stitching is all ripped up, the thumb is about to come off of the left glove, and the stuffing is coming out. Plus, they have a terrible synthetic smell that I get to enjoy every time I get in my car.<br/>Basically, no one should by these gloves. Everlast should do a better job and not make junk like this. Yes they are cheap and yes I train hard and often, but two weeks? Come on.
 good seller
 Great for heavy bag training!
 My son loves these gloves. Great when he wants to amp his cardio workout!
 Not bad for the money,but I would recommend  a better quality after 2 months of use stitching coming apart at wrist.
 When you search for a gift for a 5 YEAR OLD...they should probably indicate there LARGE, ADULT,  size.
 Not crazy about these. The padding seems minimal and they split open after not too much use.
 Great product as expected
 Good
 great for begginers
 Highest quality you can get very happy with my purchase
 I'll keep buying Everlast gloves. They just work.
 Good buy
 I don't use them as much as I thought I would.
 Cheap. Thick. Smelly. Smelly. Smelly. Smelly. Smelly. Smelly. Smelly. Smelly. Smelly. Smelly. Smelly. Smelly. Smelly. Smelly. Smelly. Smelly. Smelly. Smelly. Thats it...they are real smelly
 So good quality and they feel absolutely great.
 TO SMALL NOT REALLY 16 OZ  FAKE  16 SIZE
 Great for beginners!
 The size I wanted perfect
 Great gloves!!!
 Cool
 exelente
 I bought the 14oz on sale for fifteen bucks, the quality for the price is too good to be true. I brought it to the boxing gym and everyone thought Ive been doing thia for a long time. On guy even told me that he could not afford to buy one of these, he was using a beat up heavy bag gloves. When I told him it was 15 bucks he flipped and told me I was the biggest liar in the world , and he asked me to spar, when he threw the first punch I was knocked down cold. He treated me as a pro and ended up in the ambulance.
 These glove look very attractive and fit really well but the smell was too much. The smell was nauseating and strong enough to be smelled in the next room. I looked into the smell and found tht they are made with "Chemicals known by the state of california to cause birth defects" (not surethat they cause the smell but it was just another reason to retun them)  so this wasnt something I was comfortable wearing and sweating in 5 hours a week. I returned them with no problem.
 DON'T BUY THE BLUE GLOVES. Only buy them if you have AMAZON prime with free 2 day shipping. I saw 3 pairs of these blue gloves, and out of the 6 individual gloves 5 were defective and missing padding in the fingers. The padding it was missing is important because it gives you padding to grip with your fingertips to grip the glove. Without it, your pushing straight through the pleather over time. This whole batch seems to be full of defective gloves, which is why I'm assuming they're on sale. I can't speak for the black gloves, but as for the red I've seen 5 pairs total, each one was in correct condition, except for one pair that had a small tear from shipping and handling. These gloves are great for beginners or someone tight on cash, decent starter gloves, you can't beat the price. Only use these for heavy bag or pad work, DON'T SPAR with these, the padding is too stiff and cheap, these are meant for heavy bags. Order red (or black maybe) and check over the whole pair. If there's any damage, missing seams, missing padding (check the fingertips) then order a replacement! Make sure you get your money worth and start with a perfect pair. That'll ensure you get the longest usage. Clean them and dry them after usage and they'll last you well. Also I should note that these do not provide great wrist support like more expensive gloves, so ALWAYS use hand wraps when hitting the bag. Unfortunately, these gloves will quickly degrade over time. The gloves are covered in loose seams that start to come undone as the gloves get used. This means things will split apart. After like 3 weeks, the velcro strap on both gloves was ripping apart for me. I had to sew through the thing again to keep it sturdy. Everything about these gloves is cheap, the sewing, the padding, the fake leather. These gloves are only useful for beating up on a heavy bag, and even then I recommend you spend $40 to $50 on a better pair from a brand like RDX, Ringside, or Title, that will actually support your wrist and knuckles, so that you can train longer without hurting yourself. For people looking for GOOD budget gloves, I recommend RDX. It's a UK company that makes amazingly sturdy, comfortable, and supportive gloves for a great price. They have some $50 gloves on sale right now for $35, and these gloves are way better and nicer looking than anything else I've seen in the price range. Just search "RDX boxing gloves" on amazon.<br/><br/>Anyways final thoughts on these gloves: They are pretty bad. The cheapest gloves money can buy. Very little protection, very short life span, lazy construction. The only reason I'm giving them a 3 is because of the price, these aren't bad for a beginner or penny pincher who just needs something dirt cheap to hit a bag with.
 Knock you out with these gloves
 Very nice protection for heavy bags training. Nice grip also. There is one thing I have to say though - these gloves tend to run small, I mean, my hands are medium amongst Americans and I had to squeeze them into these gloves every time. I don't know what would happen to those who have bigger hands.
 My husband needed a different weight in the gloves. I returned them. Had to pay 6.00 to return the(paid 26.99 for the gloves) and I was only refunded 20.01. I should have kept the gloves and gave them to my son.
 I got into a fight and used them, the padding felt alright on my face and I split the other guys lip. 4 stars as the fight did not have a clear winner.
 I own one pair of gloves of 12 OZ, i have to say that this gloves are more than great, and i'm not a fan, why i say this:<br/><br/>1) Best gloves this price (less than 35 bucks)<br/>2) The material is very good, they will last very long<br/>3) The color is durable, it doesn't scratch or get's decolored<br/>4) They are very confortable, and they have swet technology (it means that even if you swet, they wont smell or stink)<br/>5) Your hand is very protected (the fingers and the front part of the hand)<br/><br/>I was undecided about buying the 12 OZ, the 14 OZ or the 16 OZ, I went for the 12 Oz because for heavy bag practicing they are the best, Why?<br/><br/>Because your hands like the heavy bag are very harsh, they need better contact, if you have big gloves (16 OZ) there's a lot of space in the glove, and your fingers no matter if you have handwraps, are able to move inside, and that might cause you a broken finger or to get hurt) in the other. so the 12 OZ are PERFECT FOR HEAVY BAG.<br/><br/>In the other hand, if you want good gloves for sparring, then you need to buy the 14 OZ or even better 16 OZ gloves, because they will make you work more your hands and you'll gain speed, also no one will practice with you with smaller gloves, because the impact of smaller gloves is stronger as they have less material your hand impact will be more direct.<br/><br/>For heavy bag if you buy the 12 OZ gloves, depending on your hand strenght you probably won't need handwraps, because the gloves are very confortable as i mentioned before, and they will fit your hands perfectly.<br/><br/>HOW TO CHOSE A SIZE? i had trouble choosing the right size, because almost no one published a review about how to pick the right size so that's the first reazon why i wrote this.<br/><br/>1) If you are less than 5'4 Height go for the 12 to 10 OZ gloves for heavy bag, and for sparring go for the 14 OZ.<br/>2) If you are less than 5'9 Height, but 5'5 or more, go for the 12 Oz for heavy bag and the 16 Oz for sparring.<br/>3) If you are more than 5'9 Height for heavy bag use the 12 or the 14 Oz gloves depending ond how big or not are your hands, and for sparring the 16 Oz.<br/><br/>AGAINST, (this are excellent gloves to start boxing or having boxing initial classes, in case you have some time practicing you might want to pick more prof. gloves).<br/><br/>Enjoy them!!!
 These gloves are good entry level gloves, I see many people give them five start but perhaps they haven't tried Grant or Cleto Reyes, if you're a boxing fan look at the gloves they wear, their doing away with Everlast because of the quality, they are cheap, I bought a pair myself when I first started in Muay Thai and now I also train in American boxing, but as became a better and stronger fighter I began to experiment with better quality equipment, so I gave my old Everlast gloves away. I love Cletos and still use them but they run a little big, I love Grants even more, the quality and material of both brands is a lot better than Everlast, you may pay 100 bucks more but you if you're not serious about your training or if you punch like a little boy stay with Everlast but if your really train like I do and profesional boxers,and fighters do the research and try out Grants or Cletos you'll feel the diffence in the foam and the 100% leather workmanship. Believe me Everlast is just an entry  level glove.
 The SMELL is sickening!!!!  Let me quote from the packaging, in tiny print: " WARNING:This product contains a chemical know to the state of California to cause birth defects or other reproductive harm"
 So I bought these from a local boxing gym in my area because I was eager to get started and just do some work on heavy bag as part of a workout. There are a lot negative reviews and I was confused if these were worth it. So I went to a boxing gym and I figured if they're selling these they must okay. I decided to do a review for people on the fence about these like I was. SO some initial thoughts after wailing on a bag for 30 minutes.<br/><br/>+They provide protection. I'm not a boxer so I dont really know what I'm doing but I tried punching a heavy without gloves for 5 minutes once and my hands were sore for a while after. These are well padded so my hands felt good and I was able to punch the bag for 30 minutes without discomfort. Landing a punch the wrong way still hurts (not sure if this a bad thing or not)<br/>+They're inexpensive. From my research gloves can cost 2-4x this amount.<br/>+/- The fit isnt great but I mean these are entry level gloves<br/>- The velcro is easily weakest part of these gloves and I could definitely see why a lot of peoples gloves had these tearing off. So I suggest you dont tighten the velcro like a maniac<br/>-The smell is real. They have this strong plastic smell  like if someone put a heat gun to plastic. I think its part of the "ever fresh" thing so that they don't smell bad due to sweat. But they stink of plastic either way. You can't notice it in a gym really or if you're more than 15 ft away. But in your house where things dont smell like plastic, and cleaning solutions (like a gym does) it's definitely noticeable. I mean whatever, you get used it--but it's definitely a con. I left the gloves in my car trunk I'll update if the smell ever goes away.<br/><br/>So honestly, the gloves are okay. I'll update my review if they die on me or if the velcro tears off!
 I read that some people had received gloves that smelled terrible, but I took a chance and ordered the blue pair anyway hoping that either I would get one of the less smelly pairs or that my nose would be less sensitive to the smell.  When the package arrived, I could smell the toxic, petroleum (used motor oil plus raw gasoline plus something sharp like acetone maybe is the best way to describe it) smell oozing out of the box before I even opened it.  When I opened the box, the smell was like a left hook to the jaw; okay lame pun, but it was horrible and I literally jerked my head back being shocked at the strength and sharpness of their chemical-petroleum odor.<br/><br/>First, no way would anyone dare to use these at a public gym: you would stink up the whole gym, the punching bags, and other people's gloves and bodies with the toxic, raw gasoline-like smell; in short, you would quickly become the pariah of your gym.  Second, I don't have an overly sensitive nose (I've ordered items where people complained about the smell before and found them acceptable) but the smell on these clearly toxic and I seriously think that if you used them to workout, you may actually shorten your lifespan by breathing in the toxic miasma created by these gloves.  I even tried to air them out, leaving them hanging in my garage for 2 days; there was no noticeable change in the reek and it began to stink up my garage (seriously, when I walked in my first thought was that I left the lid off the lawnmower's gas tank or that the gas can had been knocked over).  Not only did the pervasive stench fill my garage, but it also soaked into the book that was sent with the gloves, and it took about 4 days for the book to stop smelling like it had been printed, bound, and packaged in an oil refinery.  I ended sending back the Toxic Gloves of Petroleum and Chemicals (100% to poison opponents, no saving throw, but 20% chance to poison the wearer of these gloves each time they are used)  and if you are still thinking about buying them, I know that these are cheap, but seriously look elsewhere.  I just hope that the company either recalls these gloves (due to selling people gloves that at the very least smell carcinogenic if not are carcinogenic) or properly disposes of this set because the crate they were sent in was accidentally dropped into the oil filled bilge of the container ship hauling them.  At the very least Amazon should stop selling them, because they had enough of these complaints to take their removal from the site seriously.
 As an experienced Muay Thai practitoner also group fitness (kick/boxing) fan, I can't even begin to count the number of times tortured souls came to me asking what gloves to buy. Every single one of them was holding a lowest end Everlast or Title pair of vinyl gloves...and complained of horrific wrist and knuckle pain, occasional finger bleeding/blisters, and even headaches from the impact.<br/><br/>They may chalk it up to being a beginner, and adjusting. Yes, there's some of that...but that tells a very small part of the story. I tried on these gloves and attempted to use them. I cried on the insane, giant crocodile tears.<br/><br/>Cheap gloves have almost zero padding and/or wrist support. They get moldy faster. The vinyl cracks. They're not weighted evenly (leading to poor technique). Far too many people fall prey to Walmart Everlast availability and/or the pair the gym sells you. They're both awful. As are most of the handwraps (you'll want ones with elastic to provide a better fit/support). Ask yourself this simple question: what's cheaper...caring for broken bones or a pair of decent gloves (that can last 2+ years, minimum)<br/><br/>As 99% of glove purchasers are doing so for fitness purposes, a quick, affordable fix are Twins Special, Fairtex or Venum Challenger gloves. (Knockoffs like RDX/Pro Impact are also decent being real leather.) All are fantastic mid level, durable leather mitts...ones that will last you a long time with proper care (use a sports spray/disinfectant after each use, let them AIR OUT). All are available on Amazon. Yes, they'll cost you $30 more...but see note above on injuries. Glove dogs are also nice to have around. 12oz at most for heavy bag. 10oz is fine for smaller women. Heck...order 2 or 3...send the ones you don't like back. Gloves are a personal thing, re: feel.<br/><br/>Wraps? Skip Everlast and Meister. Go for - at minimum - wider Title or Ringside (my personal favorite based on price). Remember NOT to roll them up when wet or they'll get moldy. Let them sit on the shower floor while showering, step on 'em, easy washing fix in between heavier washes.<br/><br/>While $75 seems a lot to invest in a sport/hobby you're not certain about...do it safely. These Everlast gloves are NOT the way.
 Look, for the money I spent I understood I’m getting an economy item that is going to wear. I’m under no illusions here. Buuut, it’s been five weeks of use about three days a week for an hour and they are beginning to wear pretty noticeably particularly around the wrist strap. Now I’m no champion boxer either so I’m not exactly putting these things through the ringer either. Probably good for light casual use but not for anything serious. Just my .02
 These are great. Fit well and feel good. This is a great glove. I workout in a boxing gym; just for the exercise not as a passion for the sport. These are a bit heavier than I thought; so some people my want to go with a lighter version; but for my workouts these really perform. Only two real minor issues. It's hard to fasten the second glove's velcro strap once you have one of the gloves on; unless you have a partner. Also, hard to grip a water bottle while wearing. Again, minor issues as they perform as they should for boxing. Great product. I have even had a few trainers take note of them as they are well made and stand out from some "cheap" gloves out there.
 I've owned two pairs of these gloves, and the stiching on both have come apart in exactly the same way. The first pair, I bought from Big 5, the first few times I trained in them was great. I thought I had found a great pair of gloves, but boy was I wrong. Not two weeks after I bought them I noticed the stiching that holds the velcro pad to the strap was coming apart on both hands. At first I thought this was just me strapping them on too tight, so I contacted Everlast and ordered my replacements, (thankfully under warranty, which is 30 days from the date of purchase) and was careful about pulling them too tight. The second pair of gloves didn't even last as long as the first. I noticed the stitching pulling after my first training session. The only thing I can't complain about is Everlast customer service. They were quick and easy to work with, it just ended up not solving my problem.<br/><br/>At the time that I bought these gloves, I was training 4 hours a day 4 times a week, so I was putting them through a lot of stress. Another student in my Muay Thai class had the same gloves for the same amount of time as me and the stitching was giving him no trouble. He wasn't training anywhere near as hard as I was, so I'm assuming that's the difference.<br/><br/>In short, if you're training for something, (I was training for an MMA fight,) these aren't for you. But if you're just casually doing boxing, these will work out great for you.
 I bought these gloves and was immediately put off by the smell.  I bought the black in 16 ounce as I am a very heavy hitter.  Even with my hands wrapped I still felt the punches in my hand and there is no wrist support at all to speak of.  I always would go with Everlast as I have an everlast heavy bag and speed bag but to me the quality has gone down these are probably great for someone who is just starting out and to get a good workout in but do not throw with too much power your hands and wrists will be extremely sore.  3 stars as they are not terrible but just good for a beginner starting out before investing in more expensive gloves.
 These are almost a rite of passage for boxers.  You start off with the cheap Everlast "Pro Style" gloves because they are cheap, and as soon as you've hit a heavy bag for a few weeks, you start thinking there might be something better out there.  Once you try a real pair of boxing gloves you'll wonder why you ever subjected yourself to such a cheap product.  The padding doesn't hold its shape, and the wrist support is poor.  If you plan to really hit a bag and not just go through the motions for a workout, you really should protect yourself more.  Pay once for a middle of the pack set of training gloves and you'll be glad you did.  In the same time you'd have to buy two of these and you'd be doing damage to yourself in the process.  These were my first boxing gloves and I give them 2 stars because they are fine for someone who's shadow-boxing or doing very low impact punch-training.
 I've been usuing these gloves for about a year now, and I would not recommend them to anyone. They are a good price, but the elastic strap WILL fall apart within a fair amount of time using them. Anyone that I know that uses them has the same exact problem. Spend a few dollars more to get a pair with a decent strap on them, or lean to sew it back together (That's what I've had to do with both gloves now). Other than that, they are great and I've had no problems. Sadly, these gloves could be the best in the world, but without a strap to hold them on you might as well just use your fists. You've been warned.<br/><br/>I have not been paid for an "unbiased" review, and did not get the item for free.
 I give these gloves 3 stars on the grounds of you get what you pay for. without wraps they're not very comfortable. the "toxic" smell is pretty bad and has only gone away after months of airing them out..or maybe I'm just used to it and can't notice. they left stitching that attaches to the velcro has ripped half way. I'm hoping they hold up for a few more weeks. I'm definitely not recommending these and looking for another brand.
 Had to return them because of the smell - aired them out on the balcony for a week and still reeked like new tires.  The other people in kickboxing complained about the smell and they smelled so bad it made my sparring partner sick.  Finally returned them for a refund.  Too bad, they were a cool color.
 Are you kidding me? If you plan on using your gloves seriously then dont waste you time on these. They fell apart after less than one month of use from hitting the heavy bag. There is little support on the wrist and the foam padding separates almost instantly leaving no padding around your knuckles where you make contact. Dont know why its gotten so many good reviews? Maybe these people just lack punching power? Anyways if your looking for real training gloves go ahead and pass these up. I recommend the Ringside Pro IMF Tech. About $100 but give you proper protection which is what training gloves are supposed to. My 2 cents.
 I bought this for my kids and they haven't complained so I guess they're fine.
 13 and 10 year old boys loving these. They beat the crap out of each other.
 These were a gift to my dad to get him from using his smelly old ones. I have them in white and love them. Years of use and as long as you wipe them down, they continue to smell new!
 I've gone through a few pairs of these gloves over the years and they are well worth the money.  Once you go to a higher quality brand you probably won't go back to these, but they get the job done for a good price.  I wouldn't recommend them for sparring because they're a bit hard and your sparring partner might not be happy.  These are good gloves for bagwork, boxing cardio classes, etc.  I still keep a pair in my bag but I made the switch to a higher priced glove a while back and haven't pulled these out of the bag since.<br/><br/>I just reread my review and while I said these gloves are good but also said that I don't use them anymore, I guess my final point is that if you are a beginner to the sport, or are looking for good bag gloves, these will do you just fine.
 I recently started kickboxing and I love it. I'd rather not use the gloves at the school so I bought my own. What I especially like about these gloves is that even though I use them five days a week and sometimes twice per day, they do not get smelly. At first I was a bit turned off by the pungent chemical smell they emitted, but I think I'd not trade the chemical smell (which dies down after a few uses) for smelly gloves.<br/>Otherwise these work as they should, mine have not ripped or fallen apart even after much use.
 Well, this gloves work fine for a very light use.<br/><br/>The Velcro just goes halfway around the wrist so, it doesn't offer enough support there, do be sure to wrap your hands.<br/><br/>Also, on a side note, the stitches on the Velcro start to coming undone on my after a little while.
 I bought these in Dec 2013 and have been using them on a weekly basis (1-2x/wk). For the first month or two after ordering gloves/wraps/mitts, my hands were pretty sore, and it felt like I had arthritis in the joints of my palm and knuckles for 24hrs after boxing. I had already been boxing with the gym's gloves for several months so it was a new problem. I was wearing hand wraps, and I went through 3 different types thinking that would solve the problem. It may have also been for using new hitting mitts against my boxing partner. I realized that the gloves just needed to be broken in and were pretty stiff at first. After regular use they have broken in and feel pretty good. I expect these to last at least another 6 months before the knuckle pad becomes too plush for impact absorption. I wanted to see how I liked the sport and these were a very affordable option. Next I may order some higher quality gloves that should last more than 2 years. These are appropriate for novice to intermediate boxers. Great starter gloves for the price and well worth it over using what most gyms supply.
 Bought a pair of these. They were great at first but the velcro strap started ripping. Everlast honored the year warranty. The replacements kept ripping at the same spot regardless of how tight I velcroed them. I went through four pairs until it went outside of the year warranty and everlast wouldn't replace them any more. The tear wouldn't have happened if the velcro strap wrapped around the wrist. Will buy a different type of glove next time.
 Note: I mostly use mine for a shadowboxing and fitness class - no sparring. I've only used it for 3 classes now, but I'm glad to have purchased it! I hated the smell and feeling of renting the gloves in class, which I believe are also ones from Everlast but branded with the company logo.<br/><br/>I purchased 12oz ones - 5'5 about 140 points. There have been some comments about smells immediately, but I always use wraps, wipe it down with a clorox wipe, and stick a dryer sheet in each glove. It hasn't started smelling yet!<br/><br/>My only complaint, like others, is that it would be better for the velcro to be longer and go further around the base of the glove. It hasn't affected my workout, but it would be easier to maneuver and slip on /off between rounds on the bag.  Other than that, it's been fine and worth the price for me.
 One day I dream about waking up in the morning on fight night. Cracking opening three eggs and pouring them into a glass and drinking it. Take a limo to the arena have my trainer tape up my hands and pound them together. Hearing the arena's PA system pump Electric Light Orchestra's "Showdown." All the while Justin Bieber is by my side with his game face on.
 The Everlast 2214 Pro Style Training Gloves come in 3 different weight sizes: 12, 14, and 16 oz and 4 colors: blue, red, black, and pink.  Everlast advertises this glove as its "High Performance Hook-and-Loop Training Glove" with "dense two-layer sandwich foam for better shock absorbency." This is the Everlast glove that is stocked in department/sporting goods stores throughout the Chicagoland area and typically costs $29.99.<br/><br/>This review is based on the 14 oz. version of this glove.  My guess is that this review applies to the 2214 glove in all of its weight variations (12 oz - 16 oz).<br/><br/>The exterior of the glove is vinyl.  The vinyl exterior reduces the cost of the glove but decreases its longevity compared to leather gloves.  The fit is snug to a bit cramped.  The hook-and-loop fastener makes it easy to secure and undo.  I prefer this type of hook-and-loop closure to the type found on certain training gloves offered by Title and Ringside which have an additional pull down elastic flap to cover the hook and loop fastener.  (The Title/Ringside type fastener makes it difficult to secure the glove by yourself.  It may be a safer option--likely to prevent facial abrasions--but a boxer, when sparring, is wearing headgear anyway so facial abrasions are kept to a minimum rendering the added pull down elastic irrelevant and the aggravation that goes along with securing the glove needless.)<br/><br/>The 2214 glove is suited for an aerobics boxing class where occasional bag/mitt work is performed.  Its weight is ideal for non-contact cardio-type workouts and it offers adequate hand protection for light bag work sessions.<br/><br/>However, this glove is NOT a good choice for sparring or full time training/bag work.  Its foam is weak and does not maintain its integrity over time.  As a training glove it does not absorb the impact of an opponent's punches well and offers average protection despite its "dense two-layer sandwich foam."  As a bag glove it offers slightly above average hand protection.  Better, albeit expensive, alternative training gloves include: Everlast's Professional Hook-and-Loop Training Glove <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Everlast-Professional-Velcro-Training-Gloves/dp/B00068LQ8Q/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Everlast Professional Velcro Training Gloves</a>; Ringside's International Training Glove <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/International-Training-Gloves-Hook-Loop-Cuff/dp/B0002G1VE6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">International Training Gloves - Hook &amp; Loop Cuff</a>; and, Title's Platinum Training Glove <a class="a-link-normal" data-hook="product-link-linked" href="/Platinum-Hook-Loop-Training-Gloves/dp/B0007Q30TU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Platinum Hook &amp; Loop Training Gloves</a>.  All three gloves are available for sale at their respective web sites or through Amazon.com.  In a pinch these gloves may double as bag gloves; their added weight increases the benefits of a workout.<br/><br/>A caveat, I am neither a professional nor amateur boxer.  I have been training for over a year and a half and train simply to stay in shape.  While training, I have tried and used several different gloves when hitting a heavy bag, double-end bag, and punch mitts.  I spar occasionally and have used several different gloves when sparring.  My review of this glove is based on my personal experience using it during training and sparring.
 First of all everyone saying these gloves "stink horribly" are wrong. When you first get them YES they will smell like vinyl or plastic and within the first few days if you don't use them you're room will smell like it too, BUT after using them less than 5 times the smell is already gone. I keep them in my garage on top of my bag and my garage doesn't smell and neither do my hands after use (even if I don't wrap them).<br/>2. The leather quality is great. Not a cheap feel, solid protection.<br/>3. Very breathable,slightly mesh on the palm side doesn't make your hands feel like their in an oven.<br/>4. USE APPROIATE OUNCE GLOVES I'm 5'9 155 and I use 14 oz gloves and they are a little too big without hand wraps (I also have smaller hands) so don't go 16 oz unless you are maybe 5'11 180 or larger. If you're unsure 12-14 oz will fit most hands. Don't use 10 oz if you plan on hitting a 80 pound heavy bag or larger you'll screw your hands up. All in all it's excellent buy for the price only took like 5 days to ship
 As a beginner, I don't have much of a reference for quality gloves but these are serving me just fine. The vented palms are nice, and the wristband is secure.
 The quality of these gloves is lacking. The stitching on the elastic that secures the gloves comes apart easily. I only used these a couple of times before it started splitting. The other problem with the gloves is the padding. My hands are very sore and bruised after a session on the heavy bag even when using wraps. I have not had this problem with other gloves, including MMA gloves.<br/><br/>Too bad because otherwise these are decent gloves.
 The pair that I got was made poorly - thumb tie snapped on first use when it got lightly hooked.<br/><br/>The vinyl is bottom of the line, and the holding case mesh tore like the mesh on a bag of grapes...<br/><br/>The stitching looks questionable overall...<br/><br/>OK, I will grant you, for the price of $17, this make a fun kids toy that people only use a little while, then dispose of.<br/><br/>This product is not worth buying unless you want to support more disposable products Made in China.<br/><br/>Sadly, many people don't care about the material quality of their products - only thinking about the "wow" factor....<br/><br/>Dear Everlast - please upgrade your materials quality so these can become collectors items someday.  The way you are making them just adds to the landfill after a short period of use.
 I bought these from a sporting goods store when I started muay Thai kickboxing. The gloves they had at the gym smelled liked the rancid sweat of a thousand workouts and alcohol did not remove the smell from my hands.<br/>I just leave them with the Velcro opened and they dry out usually overnight. The everfresh lining does what it says. I've been using the same pair for muay Thai kickboxing for at least an hour a week for the last 11 months and they don't smell.<br/>I mostly use it for punching bag work, the kind that stand up with water in the base and some mitt work. I've been told by my instructor that I punch too hard and so far after all this abuse the gloves have held up.<br/>The vinyl outside still looks new, the Velcro still going strong, the padding flattened a little. I think I have the 12 oz ones, I followed the fitting instructions on the back of the package. They do fit tight.<br/>You definitely need wraps if you do a lot of hitting. I forgot them once and while doing my workout I didn't notice anything. About an hour later I accidentally brushed one hand against the ring finger knuckle of the other hand and nearly keeled over from the exquisite pain. I now keep extra wraps in my desk at work too.<br/>I haven't worn any other brand besides the ones the gym had (which were too big for me besides being stinky) and i'm pretty satisfied. I would by them again if I need a new pair.
 I bought these as a birthday gift for a friend of mine who wanted to try out boxing and he seemed to really like them. I've used these before in the past and they're serviceable. They don't mold to your hand very well and padding doesn't feel really well distributed. If you're just looking for a cheap pair of gloves I doubt you'll find anything nicer at $20 but if you're actually trying to box seriously I'd get a fancier pair. Still a great value for only $20.
 I don't know if Everlast just started making their gloves bigger, but these are huge for 16oz boxing gloves. On the bright side, they are pretty padded and do make for good training gloves, but they end up almost at my elbow, so it gets pretty annoying and uncomfortable during training.
 After only 7 months of use, these gloves split completely along the seams, with stuffing spilling out. I taped them together and kept using them, only to have the seam of the elastic strap split as well, so I cannot secure them on my wrists. They are completely unusable now. I take a women-only boxing fitness class once or twice a week- these gloves were not subjected to heavy use. The last pair of gloves I had (from another manufacturer) lasted over two and a half years with no defects.  Very disappointed in this product, and I do not recommend these gloves.
 For shadow boxing or very light bag work only. That is it or else you will get hurt. Poor construction and design. If you are a true and pure puncher-- you will jam your wrist every time you connect-- since the PowerLine in your third knuckle is too concealed and your fist will slip thru the target... If you paint or paw your targets, and are looking for an aerobic glove, then they will be fine.
 I have the older style of these gloves with the elastic velcro strap (2912B), and they have held up great in the years that I've owned them. The newer style with the velcro wrist wrap (2212) is way more secure, but I have no complaints as I got mine on sale a for $10. I am no boxer, but these are great for just bag use or sparring. The padding is perfect and protects very well against injury. The anti-microbial lining is great as it prevents the inside of the gloves from smelling or deteriorating.<br/><br/>If you are serious about the sport, you should definitely upgrade to the higher end gloves. However, if you're looking for some affordable gloves that get the job done, then these are the perfect choice.
 These probably wouldn't be the best choice for sparring, after all they are pretty cheap price wise. Having said that, they really are wonderful quality for the price and if it is all someone could afford for sparring it still beats the hell out of the alternatives in the same price range. I bought the 12 oz to use on a punching bag. They work great. This is after returning some Cheap century gloves, which were total crap. For the price, Everlast makes by far the best products. These gloves are really pretty damn nice considering the price, and I am glad I got them.
 My initial impression of these gloves was a bad one: they absolutely reek of some sort of organic solvent used during the manufacturing process.  It is difficult to hold these chemical-laden gloves up to my face when I'm breathing heavy during training; the smell makes me want to vomit.  After a few weeks, the smell becomes tolerable.  However, it almost makes me want to pay extra for leather gloves.<br/><br/>The gloves are well-made, I have no complaints about the fit or finish.  The thumbs are comfortable and both sides feel the same.  The cuffs are comfortable, with no sharp edges or other annoyances.  The velcro is sewn on straight and is easy to use.  The thumbs are attached, but can be easily freed up if desired.  If you just use them for hitting the heavy bag, you're better off snipping the attachment; it will make it easier to grab the velcro and tighten it up.  After making gloves for decades, I suppose Everlast has it down to a science.<br/><br/>These gloves are hard.  I wouldn't want to get hit by them.  If you want to spar someone, they won't appreciate it if you wearing these gloves.  But the gloves feel good on my fists.  I can really go berzerk on the hardest part of my heavybag without feeling any discomfort in my knuckles.<br/><br/>I'm not sure why Everlast claims that the gloves have an "anti-microbial" lining.  As far as I can tell, it's just polyester.  In any event, it works fine.<br/><br/>Some other reviewers have complained that these gloves fit too snug.  I didn't find this to be a problem.  When my hands are wrapped, they fit into the gloves snugly, but the fit is proper.  If you have fat, untrained hands, or if you are a large-boned heavyweight, you might experience a tight fit.  For most people, the gloves are as they should be.<br/><br/>For the money, these gloves are fine.
 I got a pair of the 12oz, to avoid cuts on my hands, these gloves are awesome, I have not cut my hands since I got these gloves, they are comfortable, they fit securely on my hands, these gloves support my wrists very well, and are very well built with durable material that tolerates heavy use, I had been looking at the gel gloves but I have settled on these well made gloves, these gloves are extremely comfortable, I highly recommend them for everyone.
 i love these boxing gloves. I bought them awhile ago and they are sill in great shape.  And since red is my signature color, I'm particular about the different shades.  The red you see in the picture is the red that is delivered to your doorstep!  The buying experience was so good, actually purchased another pair in purple.
 I've been boxing for several years on amateur level. My hand is small/medium sized, palm is 3,75 inches and fingertip to wrist is 7 inches. Ordered 2 pairs, 14 oz and 16 oz to use for technical sparring. 14 oz fits much better and 16 oz is better suited for a bigger hand. When I use the 16oz for heavybag training, the hand slips around in the glove. Padding is almost equal.<br/><br/>Quality feels OK, not the best I have seen, but in relationship to price, these gloves fills its purpose. I like how they smell, new from the bag. Can't tell how they look within a year, time will tell about how the will last.<br/><br/>I have seen older Everlast gloves, and it seems like after a while, the padding over the knuckles wear out and leaves a soft center. Not good. Let's see how the wear over time.<br/><br/>I would not use these gloves for heavy bag since I guess they wear out faster. I would go for the 8 oz or even better to get gloves that are made for the purpose of heavybag
 I do not leave reviews for items until I have had some time to use them.<br/><br/>I have been kickboxing for 3 years now and I was looking for new gloves. Saw these on a lightning deal and went for it. Unlike other gloves, the cushion when I punch, I feel it instantly. Very comfortable and the straps are easy to close. Some gloves have longer straps, these straps are shorter but are elastic which make it much easier and dont get in the way
 I was so excited to receive these until I opened the shipping box. There was a pungent fuel stench coming from the gloves. It was far beyond that "new product" odor that comes from some merchandise. I tried them on, they fit nicely but I couldn't get past the smell. I put them outside overnight in hopes that they would "air out", but when I retrieved them the next morning, the odor was just as strong. So I packed them up and sent them back. So much for the beginning of my boxing career. The only "knockout" that was delivered was from the smell!
 I bought these, used them a few times, and then bought different ones.  If you're going to be getting into bag work, sparring, or any other activity requiring gloves, do you hands and wrists a favor and buy another pair.  They're decent for accuracy and speed - they stay cool and dry quickly.  However, I started working with focus mits and really putting some power behind the punches and my hand and wrists were aching - these were just too...floppy...for me.  I was using wrist wraps but they still didn't help.  My personal trainer, who's been in the game for over 20 years, was a huge critic of these as well.  So, if you're going to be doing this for any period of time on a semi-regular basis, you should go ahead and spend a few extra bucks on some higher-end Adidas or, my favorite so far, a pair of Rivals.  These are now my loaner pair that I simply don't care about and never use anymore.
 Feels high quality and I bought 2 pairs for a great price. I use these to practice with my brothers and they have held up well. Though they do smell like fresh tires it keeps it from bad odors with excessive use.
 The Velcro loses it's grip after a while
 I originally bought two pairs of black gloves in 14 Oz, and later came back to buy two spare red 14 Oz gloves because I appreciated the quality and price so much. Would recommend.
 First I want to make a slight correction to the previous reviewer's text: the size/weight of the gloves doesn't change according to the size of your hand but, rather, to the size of you, the user of the gloves. If you are an average sized male you will be hard pressed to find a sparring partner if you only have 10oz gloves: nobody in their right minds would agree to spar with you because with such small gloves the risk of injuring the receiver of the blows goes way up. Hence 16oz is the standard size for sparring gloves. Women can use 14oz and children 14oz and 12oz depending on how big they are. The point with heavier/bigger gloves is to protect your training partner.<br/><br/>Anyway, on with the review: these are good, all-around sparring gloves. Their over-all quality is quite good and even the velcros are done well so you could use these for thai boxing as well without scratching your partner's neck and shoulders when clinching. However, I found that when you put more power behind your punches your knuckles tend to come through a bit so they're not the safest gloves around. Still they are good enough for pretty much anybody who's looking for a good pair of gloves for sparring.<br/><br/>I recommend that you get a separate pair of bag gloves or 10oz gloves for bag and mitt work since hitting the heavy bag and focus mitts harden the leather which, again, makes the gloves more dangerous to use in sparring. Remember to wrap your hands and wrists when hitting the heavy bag in order to avoid knuckle, wrist, and shoulder injuries.<br/><br/>Everlast is a good company and for the most part they make quality products. These gloves do what they are supposed to do.
 These are good training gloves, but they take a while to break in; until that happens, they are somewhat stiff. Also, a bit difficult to use the velcro on the second glove after you've put the first one on. Still, for the price, they are fine for most purposes.
 I've owned a pair of these gloves for several years and they have seen hundreds of training sessions (mits, heavy bag, sparring) over that time.  The gloves are showing some wear and tear but I think they still have a couple years of life in them.  When these finally go I'll just buy another pair of the exact same ones (16oz blue).<br/><br/>Just a note on care.  I've heard different things but I just put gold bond powder on my hands when putting the gloves on and then another poof in each glove when I'm done, that has kept them relatively clean without having to wash them or spray lysol.<br/><br/>If you're hitting a heavy bag full power with these you *SHOULD* wear wraps.  I don't but I'm pretty careful and there are a few times where I've mildly hurt my wrist due to an awkward landing.
 I bought one this glove about a year ago and used about once or twice a week doing heavy bag work.  The seam around the velcro started to come undone 6 months in. Had to duct tape them together.
 Great at first. But after a couple of months using them once or twice a week, they have ripped off and there is no way to fix them. I don't recommend buying them.
 OK gloves but after the first use, the stitching between the velcro and the elastic band came undone on the left glove. It's about 3 stitches away from completely tearing off. I also have a pair of their mits which also fell apart after about a week. 2 of 2 products fall apart, I'm going to just avoid this brand. I'd suggest you do the same
 These gloves simply don't have very good cushioning for the knuckles. The foam inside is low quality, and will break down very quickly, especially if you have hard punches. The foam over the knuckles isn't thick nor squishy, but more a dense,yet low quality foam. These are also rather big, and my hands were at times swimming in these gloves. And I don't have small hands either. Overall, I don't recommend these for heavybag work. They are OK for limited cardio work if you aren't hitting often. You will be much better off with a product like the Protex2 Evergel Training gloves, that have much better quality, thicker padding over the knuckles.
 Just what I was looking for! Great fit and comfortable.
 good product for the<br/> price
 These were my first boxing gloves and needless to say the last gloves I ever bought for less than $50.  I know how to wrap my hands, and I know how to punch but I injured my knuckle twice in these gloves.  The first time I landed a left hook to the temple of my sparring partner.  I was out for a month.  I babied that hand for 3 months then the first day I go heavy on the bag with them I re-sprain the same knuckle again.<br/><br/>First off a boxing glove will last you about 6 months if you're a 5+ session a week fighter.  It'll be more if you're a two a week fighter and pretty much a lifetime if you do that cardio boxing stuff.  Reason is the more you hit the bag or your partner the more the foam breaks down and sweating into the foam doesn't help either.  About this glove:<br/><br/>Size: A little too small for my hands.  I'm a very big guy with very big hands so unless your hands hare as big as a NBA center like mine there's no need to worry about it.<br/><br/>Lining: First thing that wore out on mine.  It fell apart inside and started to irritate my finger.  Not a light irritation either.  It make my knuckle bleed the last day I wore them.<br/><br/>Leather &amp; Stitching: It was good.  Not a single stitch popped.<br/><br/>Foam:  Broke down after a few months.  Also started getting lumpy towards 4 months.<br/><br/>Beathability: They breath about as well as a plastic bag.  I supprised my fingers didn't prune up after my training sessions.  It makes the gloves hard to dry out and then they smell horrible.  They also make your hands smell horrible.  Ceadar chips helped a little bit but after training sessions they made my hands smell like a dirty sock.<br/><br/>Hand protection:  I think they left it out of this model.  I bruised my knuckle twice.  Not so with other gloves.<br/><br/>Velcro:  So easy to put on and take off.  By far the easiest out of any glove I've owned.<br/><br/>Bottom line:  The look nice and do the job but don't risk hurting your hands to save money.  If you're doing cardio boxing at LA boxing and dont really hit the bag all that hard then they might work for you.  Your hand will still stink buy you wont get hurt.  If you're serious about the sport and think you will do it for at least 6 month do your hands a favor and buy a pair of Title gels, Ringside IMF Tech, or Grants.
 Great entry level gloves! If other people are bashing these gloves, they are probably used to $300 gloves. These are cheap. They hold up fine. They are great for people not sure if they will like the sport, once you get serious then I would update your gloves. I started boxing last year, very glad I started with these gloves.
 these fit perfect, great weight and size for me. I was worried as a female they might not fit but I think they are perfect
 I bought a pair of these as a workout set for heavy bag use, and have been mostly disappointed with them for that purpose.<br/><br/>Pros: Easy on and off, even putting them on by yourself. Wrist straps are simple and hold well. Breathe surprisingly well for the design.<br/><br/>Cons: Even with hand wraps on, I found my right glove to fit too poorly to absorb punches well; the design makes it hard to form a proper fist without trying to grip the glove into a proper position to do so. The left I have no problem with for some reason, maybe just have a bad pair? The padding makes blows glance off of the bag to a degree that it made me feel like I was risking injury when using them for actual impact punches. Grips make my hands feel too open when punching, can't grip a tight fist... my hands would be bruised or very sore after even a modest workout with them.
 Had these for years and still is in good shape.
 Came in new condition in retail package, great gloves worth the buy.
 Bought my boyfriend these for Christmas and he LOVES them. They were very sturdy, came as pictured, and the sizing was spot on! We love them, he goes to the gym a few times, and always receives great compliments. Will purchase again!
 I was a bit skeptical about buying these at first but I'm glad I did. They will be a bit snug AT FIRST but they will break in well and you'll be able to wear wraps in them. They're very comfortable. I was going to get some protex 2 or 3's but these are better for the value and I'm very happy with them... no regrets.
 Not enough padding and does not fit well. Don't use it much.
 I like going hardcore on my punching bag training. The padding quickly went down and it started getting flatter. Now it hurts when I try to punch and I feel more impact on my wrist. Also, the strap is ripping and they just feel like very cheap gloves for the price $40 which I got at Big5. Honestly it's crap. Everlast isn't the best when it comes to boxing equipment.
 Scratch on gloves
 I  Have a different version of this glove but the quality and what it's made of is good not great but depending on what you have and reccomend these gloves due to it toughness and going without tearing or salting.
 These gloves are not bad.  However they do not serve the purpose of sparring and hitting the heavy bag in intervals too well.  I used these for about two months and the thumb stitching became detached.  I would recommend these gloves for learning the basics of boxing and aerobic boxing.  They are stiff for sparring and the velcro is flimsy with minimal wrist support.<br/><br/>Summary : These gloves are good for fitness but not for sparring and heavy hits on the bag.
 Great product, I grade 4 stars because I feel them a little bigger for me eventhought the size table on the images claims that it should fit someone from my height/weight.
 I really like them, and saves me having to wrap my hands. Easier to get off when you grip it at the wrist and just turn it inside out. Saves having to pick at the stitching at each finger. If they wanted to make them better they could sew with like monofilament fishing line or some tougher thread. but all in all a fantastic product for me!
 I have been using these gloves 2-3 times a week since I purchased them a little over six months ago. Today I was at kickboxing class and the velcro tab used to hold the glove on ripped right off, rendering the glove unusable. Of course the warranty just ended so now I am stuck with a pair of broken gloves. Absolutely not living up to the name "Everlast".
 Pass on these.  They have a very strong chemical smell that would not go away. There is a warning label on it noting that it contains a chemical banned in the state of California - known to cause birth defects.  As performance goes - in adequate padding.  Does not feel solid or well made.  Materials are very cheap and plasticy.  Support at the wrist is subpar.<br/><br/>The only pro is that its cheap and comes in fun colours.<br/><br/>I'd pass and spend the money on something less birth defecty.
 These arrived in perfect condition however the smell of the chemicals or the coating on the gloves was very strong.
 For $26 (what I paid) you can't beat these bag gloves with a stick.  Sure, if you are a professional boxer and are planning on using your bag glove HOURS A DAY then spending a lot more on gloves made for professionals would make sense.  I've used these a few hours a week ever since I got them and they are holding up just fine and are very comfortable and easy to put on and take off.
 Got these for my bday and when I opened them there was a very strong chemical smell. I assumed it was the packaging they came in and waited a few days to see if it went away. It did not. I googled how to get the smell out and discovered they contain a chemical that is known to cause BIRTH DEFECTS! The smell also gave me a huge headache. I'm returning these.
 Go to a sport store and try on some gloves to find your size. Most people will fit a 10oz pair of gloves. From wrist to top of middle finger 17cm. From thumb outstretched to side of hand 15cm. A 10oz will fit those dimensions. Getting a Velcro type pair of training gloves is important. With laces, and you will not be able to tie up on your own. With Velcro you put on one and the other you use your teeth. It is easy, just hold the Velcro in your mouth and twist the wrist and wham, a pair of gloves in ten seconds flat. With lace-ups you will be all day getting ready for your workout. Of course these are just training gloves, you will probably want lace-ups for the real deal. You can learn various bandaging to strengthen your hand and wrist bones if you want, but the gloves should be enough. When you are finished you should leave them open to air. The gloves come with the thumb attached to the knuckles (as they should be) with air pockets covering the palm area. You can buy other martial arts gloves with the thumb area exposed and loose and also `elasticated fist protectors' for more lightweight punching that is especially good for the speedbag workout. Get you 80lb bag and you will be learning some exercises that will keep you lean and mean. Enjoy.
 I usually dont write reviews but I only have one problem with these gloves. The elastic around the wrist that keep the gloves tight and secured on your hands is starting to tear on my pair and I have only had the gloves for two months. Leather quality is good and weight is pretty accurate.
 I have a pair that I have owned for a couple of years and they are still in pretty good condition. They are great for hitting the mitts and the bags. I own the 12 ounce set which is really too light for actual sparring. If you know that you are going to be using the gloves for any sparring then you should get the 16 ounce set or at least the 14 ounces.
 Glove tore at the thumb to finger connection within 3 weeks. For a brand as big as Everlast I was expecting more.
 These boxing gloves are perfect, item is as displayed and arrived on time.
 They're okay. The gloves have this certain rubber-y scent but very tolerable. Quite a fit.
 i could tell that these are going to last
 Excellent gloves to practice kickboxing or just box, materials seems to very superior quality for lasting items. The breath feature helps to preven the glove to get wet on the inside.
 It's a good glove you can abuse them daily , if you go and train everyday like 5-6 times out of the week.. Sadly these gloves lasted me about 3 months, the padding on them completely flattened felt like they weren't protecting my knuckles at all afterwards, but at the time they were fine work was being put into them haha
 Very good training gloves
 Makes me feel like the next big fighter to hit the ring. Each glove feels light but unforgiving to the receiving end, be it a human opponent or punching bag. I love the color combination of these gloves. Makes you feel like a pro.
 Everlast makes great fit training gloves. They are perfect for basic use, simple practice and workouts. Easy to slip in and secure with velcro straps that are simpe to get off. The materials are pretty durable and I have been using these for two months now with no problem. (i use them around twice a week on punching bags). I have recommended these to my gym buddies and they seem to be enjoying theirs as well.
 The pair exceeded my expectations. Great whenever I am in the mood to throw a couple of punches. Love the excellent service.
 Great fit and the material looks solid.
 I use these gloves 3 days a week at a boxing gym for a structured workout. I am a woman 5' 3" with small hands. I have the 14 ounce gloves and with my hands wrapped the glove is a good fit. They are easy to put on and take off in between drills and I have been using them for the last 4 months with no complaints at all. I would highly recomend these gloves for your heavybag workout. I like my workout at the gym so much that I want to get a heavybag for home use on days I dont go to the gym.
 Great gloves, they are comfortable, love them!
 Love them!
 good gloves - feel good look good
 Excellent gloves
 Very little wrist support! use wraps at all costs!
 Recently joined a Muay Thai training class and bought these 16oz Everlast gloves. After a little over a month, they were busted. The outer layer is a cheap material; just a flimsy paper thin plastic (vinyl?) cover. It burst open and exposed the cheap foam inside after standard use. The product really feels like a toy. The Title gloves are only a few bucks more and feels really sturdy. I purchased those after this Neverlast crapped out on me. Don't waste your money on this junk.
 Who knew ? Boxing Gloves were so inexpensive , all good sets , even the cheaper $10.00 sets and the better $25.00 Everlast Pro style gloves both , just in time for the Olympics in RIO in 2016 ... go USA , STEVE F.
 Was good when it it first started but after a solid good use for 1.5 months seams started to unravel and the strap that keeps the thumb close to the fist came undone along with the seams.
 These gloves are great. They are solid and I experience no pain as I punch through the punching bag
 This pair of gloves are so good and effective for beating up the punching bag, it just helps me relieve myself of all the stress I feel inside
 Love the gloves, well made and fit snug. Used it on. My bottom top bag and the weight of gloves gives me a good workout
 Nice training gloves, they fit nice and it doesn't feel cheap at all. Its very good against any punching bag
 Really decent glove for the price, if you cant afford the most expensive gloves like Grant or Cleto reyes these are very decent gloves.<br/><br/>If youre around 140 or 160 pounds get the 14oz or or 16oz. Can be used for light sparring or heavy bag with no problems....
 They wore out after a year or so.
 My daughter's boyfriend just got these gloves. He's not an avid boxer and doesn't claim to be an expert, but he was thrilled with these gloves. The quality was excellent and the fit was great. He would recommend these to anyone.
 A++
 They suck don't buy them
 Excellent for punching the bag, don't even need to wrap my hands
 This is my first pair of boxing gloves, I must say these are one of my best purchase on amazon. Shipping was fast. So far so good, though the glove is a bit small (had to squeeze a little to fit) but overall it is a very nice glove especially the padding. It was pretty easy to put on by myself. No help was needed. If you need to purchase this glove, please pick one size up because they seem to be smaller than you think it would be.
 i saw a bunch of reviews where people were complaining of the "smell"... there is NOTHING WRONG WITH THEM. These people are obviously newbies. That is the way new boxing gloves smell. LOVE THEM.
 Met all my expectations. One minor thing was that it smelled like rubber and had to be aired out for 2-3 days. The strong rubbery smell eventually lost intensity.
 It's quite pricey but Everlast made sure that it's excellent in it's appearance and quality. Perfect for my sparring sessions.
 Great quality
 I consider myself as semi trained boxer. My trainer once recomended these gloves but i do not. Im a very heavy hitter there for this gloves last me 3 months then my knuckle which is also wraped will move the paddin. if your a heavy hitter do not purchase these. I have had 2 pairs of these. there cheap there fun but do not hit a heavy bag with these. I used the BLUE 16oz
 These Gloves are great for just about everything. They are well made and have great padding for your fist. Ive uploaded photos of the product which do come with the new Yellow "E" Everlast logo.These gloves are firm so if you do want to do any kind of sparring both partners should have proper protective headgear on.If you are looking for a great pair of training gloves and do not want to spend of $30 these are an awesome buy.I ordered the 16 oz glove which isn't to large are small.
 Comfortable
 Great gloves, it isn't exactly soft but it provides good protection for my hands
 These gloves seem nice but the ones me and my friends have are good for there price, check out our boxing video on youtube called Street Boxing Vol 1
 I love these gloves and have owned them for quite some time. They are reliable and take a verrrry long time to wear out. I've owned several different pairs from several different brands, and Everlast has always been the most reliable. They fit comfortably, protect your hand, and stand the test of time.
 Love my boxing gloves.
 quality is kind of cheap. If you are taking a boxing class, spend the money and get quality. They plastic wears off the portion that makes contact with the bags.
 The item arrived very fast.  I liked the item better than the displayed image.  Good quality, but not for the serious.
  ...]<br/>Hand protection is  very important .  This site has information to help those who have questions on choosing the right glove size for the right purpose.  Hope you find this site helpful!
 Great training gloves, it keeps my hands, fists and knuckles protected
 These fit me well and are not too hot unlike my old pair.
 They made me use improper technique to such a degree that my bones nearly broke. They smelled like burnt plastic and cheap paint. These are toys not boxing gloves.
 These gloves helped me achieve good form because it didn't feel tight when worn. Also, these gloves can deliver a beating and still not look worn-out after a few times on the bag.
 Train like Pacman, Boast like the money team! Great pair of boxing gloves! Perfect for everyday training!
 Good trainers
 These gloves are perfect for training. I highly recommend it.
 Great fit, great feel and will buy again when needed
 black really looks great, will match this with a black bag for punchy-punchy
 my husband loves it
 Best boxing gloves for practice and sparring sessions. This is a pair that won't break under immense pressure and is very light to use.
 KEWL :3
 I bought these to use with my heavy bag.  I have average sized hands and these fit almost perfect, maybe slightly loose, without wraps on.  But you need to wear wraps, and these would not fit with wraps on.<br/><br/>Also, the chemical smell on this is pretty strong and it makes me feel nauseated.<br/><br/>I'm not sure what to do, because I don't want to spend a lot of money for gloves.  But these are useless.
 i got these as replacement for my old gloves.. i like the quality i have a feeling they gonna last me long...
 These gloves have no wrist support but are good for beginners
 A++
 I am not a boxer, but like to hit the bag and occasionally spar.  These gloves offer great wrist support (I don't use wraps) and are very competitively priced.  Quality product, good value.
 Great for the boxing workout class I take.  Easy to put on and take off. Fast shipping too.
 Well, this glove is good for the price.  Fresh out of the box they're stiff and kind of hard.  After a couple days of use on the heavy bags they get softer.  It's been about three weeks of use (4 days a week) and they feel good.  Still not as good as my Twins Specials, but for half the price they're decent.
 These are great sparring gloves, and just as stated, they promote good punching technique. I would prefer if the strap stretched for a tighter fit though. I only use these for sparring; I have a separate pair for the bag. For that I would say I like the Everlast Advanced MMA gloves a little better but these do the trick.
 I use this same pair at the gym when I do some casual sparing with friends.  I am rarely disappointed with everlast.<br/><br/>They have a nice fit and seem to provide a lot of wrist support and protection so they deserve a good rating.
 great pair of boxing gloves especially for training. they don't smell and are overall very well cushioned.
 I like the gloves but they have a very strong synthetic smell.
 Nice gloves, it fits well and its very good for training and sparring
 Bought these gloves for my husband for some bootcamp classes and he was very happy with them.  They are not used regularly so I'm not sure how well they would hold up to more frequent use but, they work just fine for what he needs them for. Thinking about purchasing them for myself.
 professional grade that feels incomplete at times. but that's okay.
 LOVE IT!!
 perfect gloves for boxing i was really happy to see that they match perfectly with me
 The gloves are great. Makes me feel like a boxer already. And helps with my training.
 Great fit and weight.  Ill be using these for my kickboxing classes.  They have great support at the wrist.
 WHETHER YOU ARE A NOVICE JUST GETTING IN SHAPE OR AN EXPERIENCED BOXER THESE ARE A GREAT PAIR OF WORKOUT GLOVES. EXTRA PADDING OFFERS GREAT HAND PROTECTION. IF YOU ARE HITTING THE HEAVY BAG, MAKE THAT YOU ALSO USE THE HAND WRAPS FOR MAXIMUM WRIST SUPPORT.
 I been training for about two years and these were my 2nd pair of gloves. I kept re-injuring my hand and never knew what the hell I was doing wrong until I purchased another brand. The hand injuries went away soon after I bought the new set. These gloves SUCK unless you are just purchasing them to get drunk and take em out back with some of your buddies in which case, buy two sets.
 I was recommended by the coach to get these gloves. I was very pleased with the pricing on here. I think they are of good quality and my son is very pleased with them.
 Soon as I put them on the eye of the Tiger started playing In the background not only did I watch all of the rocky movies to prepare for that moment I instantly saw myself in that boxing ready knocking creed or fighting that commie Russian.
 Very nice, I like to punch with them all of the time so that my fists don't get hurt . Also my sweating is obtuse and I don't want to get smelly so I use deodorant when I shower
 these gloves have awsome thick padding. There is a nice velcrow strap for easy use.  Godd quality look like they'll last a while ! im glad i got em'. Also the lining on the inner glove is smooth and comfortbale no itch or irritation.
 the best gloves for boxing. makes you last more, hit more, be more.
 Very nice products!
 Its just an amazing pair of gloves perfect for boxing and training
 Bought these gloves as an upgrade to my bag gloves. For hitting the bag they are great but they are too dense for sparring. Sparring with these would be like hitting someone with 10oz gloves.
 I take a combat conditioning class at my gym.  These gloves work great and have a great wrist support.  I've used them about 10 times so far and haven't had any problems with the quality of the gloves.  I foresee using these for a looong time!
 A bit to bulky, material is very hard.
 Great product , the gloves fit very well and protect your hands. The color pops and looks good as well.
 Items were new as stated and of excellent quality.
 I just recently passed my test into Krav Maga level II, and these gloves were just the ticket. They fit great, and are plenty comfortable to wear for long periods. The 14 oz is a nice middle ground between protection and maneuverability. They are very easy to put on too.
 I am very pleased with my pair. they are only 14 oz but they provide pleanty of protection while i work the heavy bag. also they fit very well and offer pretty good wrist support. I would reccomend you give them a try
 These aren't professional grade gloves. So don't let the "Pro Style" description fool you. They work fine for aerobic or cardio-boxing/kickboxing, however they're not for heavy contact use during long-term training. During high levels of heavy bag training they fall apart quickly. Figure on spending no less than $70-$120 for better gloves that can take heavy training on bags and sparring. Higher-end gloves also protect your hands more effectively.
 What's the difference in 12-14 and 16 Oz gloves
 The worst ever!
 These are cheap, which is a big plus, and are fine for training, but feel a bit sloppy. Pretty much what I expected -- I just wanted a back up pair of gloves to keep at the office for when I head to the gym from there instead of from home.
 Good
 excelente producto
 Sold gloves, great price.  Everlast does not disappoint.  Great sparring gloves, fit good for a 6'2" bloxer.  Delivered on time, would recommend.
 great gloves would definitely recommend buying wrist wraps with these
 very good
 Put cousin in he dirt real quick with these. All me tho. Decent purchase.
 Got these for Christmas on the 25th...destroyed them on the 26th. Although the gloves absorbed the impact of some bag strikes, the pleather ripped after only a few hits.  These are not bag gloves, and they will quickly fall apart with even light bag training.
 Muy buenos los guantes según lo que esperaba y acorde al precio posteado además la entrega se realizo sin novedades
 I bought two pairs for my son for Christmas. I was concerned that they wouldn't be of good quality. Their perfect. My son is 14 they  fit  perfect and are of excellant quality.
 These GLOVES ARE THE BEST! Perfect fit and style. I may order a red pair, gotta switch it up in that squared circle :-)
 I pound the hell out of the gloves on a 200 pound sand filled heavy bag and the padding hasnt moved at all. Ive been using them for about a month now and still going strong. Highly recommend these gloves. Great price too.
 good in hands but too hard for sparring
 Super
 Awesome
 I have one month using these gloves and don't have any complain about them,  very confortable, clean, look to be resistant, nice price... in conclusion,  very nice boxing gloves
 Awesome gloves
 the gloves have a great fit and wish i could find assorted colors. a sure buy better than ebay price
 The only thing I would like to change would be the color of the item. But as far as performance, they are top notch and very dureable.
 I find they fit well, with a good snug fit which can be adjusted to as tight as you like it using the Velcro straps.  They hold the wrists fairly well to avoid wrist injuries.  The fingers and thumb fit well.  Some individuals might want bigger, more padded gloves for sparring.
 I thought that these gloves were really cool because they are easy to put on when you have the other one on, i like the rist rap as well, not a whole lot of padding though
 I got beam hoping they where going to be what I was looking for . I have used them 5 times already and no problems . They work fine with hand raps for about 10min then your hands start to hurt so I would by raps when you get them
 I love these gloves.  Easy to put on and take off.  The padding is superb and very protective.
 I feel that this is a great product.  It is priced within my range.  The gloves fit well and provide good padding for my fist.
 It's hard to go wrong with EVERLAST products.<br/><br/>If you are a woman ordering this product - a 14 is around a small-medium size and should fit most women.  THESE RUN SMALL.  ORDER LARGER THAN YOU NEED.
 good training gloves that are draped in dark night black.
 got them in few days after my purchase and they're perfect for my cousins that train boxing and thaibo
 Very good gloves! They feel very soft and hit hard at the same time!<br/>I recommend it!
 What's a good feature on these is the liner. Your wraps in conjunction with the fabric liner make for a dryer workout. These gloves do run small though. I have small hands for a guy &amp; they were a snug fit.
 while I am not a pro, these are very nice and well made for home use
 Me and my friends want to get some gloves for boxing eachother.  Would these work or would you want to get some gloves with more padding?
 All I can say is that they are very comfortable. There is nothing more to say.
 These are great gloves. There tight fitting and very comformtable. Great for hitting my bag.
 THE PAIR OF BOXING GLOVE IS MISSING
 Can I use these for my fight ?