 
 These cards are good. They are lined on one side, blank on the other. I like the texture of the card surface, it is a little rough. The only real problem I have with the cards is that they are on the thin side. Certain pens and markers show right through because of the thinness. And they don't hold up extremely well. For my uses, they are okay, but for many, the flimsiness would be a deal breaker for these. They aren't as thick as standard cardstock, but a little heavier weight than regular paper.
 When I went to re-purchase the "Amazon Basics Heavy Weight Ruled Index Cards," I assumed the options for quantity (1pk, 3pk, 10pk) were all for the same product. This, however, is not the case. Only the 1pk and 3pk options will ship the "heavy weight" index cards, while the 10pk, for some reason, switches to the "light weight" cards. The light weight is a bit of an annoyance when using these cards to study because, in most cases, you can see the ink bleed through that has the answers.
 So, I read "Premium-weight cardstock: 114 lb. paper," and then chose my quantity, in this case, 1000 cards or 10 packs of 100. Sure Enough, I should have check that the description changed when the quantity changed.  What I got was the same flimsy $1 store cards at a higher price. Needless to say, I am not happy about that. Shame on you Amazon. If those same practices are used to make space rockets, Mr. Bezos, you'll find some setbacks in your program.  I suppose you need Amazon to skim us here and there to make a buck. We'll keep that in mind. Lesson learned.
 Well... They are good enough, that's all I can say though. They're cheap because they are so thin. It's hard to call them cards because they're not really any thicker than printer paper. That's not only an issue because they're flimsy, but also because sometimes you can see through the card to what's on the other side, depending on the light.
 Very good for an inexpensive Add-On item.<br/>Much stiffer than standard weight-<br/>Takes ink well - not as crisp as smooth card stock but totally fine for notes, lists, flash cards, etc.<br/>Ball point and gel had no bleed through or visibility from back side.<br/>Sharpies (fine and ultra fine) visible from back side, fine more so than ultra fine. This cost a star.<br/>Definitely a buy again item.<br/>Now I need them in a grid pattern!
 It a great deal for index cards if you plan on making a lot of these. I like using index cards to study with because I can easily flip and pull out the ones I need more work on. I also don't want to stare a screen all day with some of the electronic flashcard apps out there. It's your standard 3x5 cards that does its job in helping you study. I've gone through quite a bit already with all of the memorization needed.
 These are a great value. If you find yourself using a lot of flash cards, definitely get these, because you probably wont find a better price for 1000 index cards. They are thicker than paper but thinner than other name brand index cards I've tried. This isn't a problem for me since I just use them for studying. If you write heavy handed, you might be able to see through the card, especially if you hold the card up to light, but you would really have to try to do that.
 I'm a college student and this package has been quite handy for study notes.  I have to admit that although I'm perfectly capable of counting I was still was still unaware of EXACTLY how much came in this package.  This is a looooooot of cards... I underestimated how large a package of 1000 index cards would be and am incredibly thankful that in the same order I purchased a note-card organizer... The benefit of these over a few of the larger packages of note cards I've seen at certain competitors is that they're individually wrapped by 100 cards each, so you don't have to have one giant stack of lose cards the minute you need just one.
 The description says they are heavy duty, but they are not. They're not even as thick as normal note cards. They're barely, if at all, thicker than just regular paper. Not at all what I wanted. Ink bleeds through super easily, making them pretty much useless for flash cards, which is what I bought them for. Very disappointing. Will never buy again.
 Too thin, almost as thin as a sheet of paper. Don't buy these if you need to write info on both sides. Pen will bleed through.
 I learn best by writing, so I'm the kind of person that still makes real flash cards; I made 100 for my last exam in one class alone, needless to say I go through a lot (I'm sorry trees).  These aren't heavy weight and they're a tad flimsy, but they serve their purpose and are cheap, perfect for a student budget!
 Many of the reviews say that these note cards are too thin. Depends on what you use them for...I use them as replacements for sticky notes by writing on them with a permanent marker and attaching it to things in the office with a small piece of double-sided tape...works perfectly for this application. They are definitely much thinner than the packs of Mead or Five Star note cards I'm used to buying at Walmart.
 Not as stated.  The product description lists these cards as 11pt. 114# (24" x 36" basis size) equivalent to 186 GSM.  These cards are actually 80# offset vellum, equivalent GSM is 130 and approximate caliper is 6.0.  In other words, these are not heavy weight index cards as described.  These are cheap flimsy "index" cards that can be found in any office supply, grocery store or drugstore.<br/><br/>https://www.amazon.com/dp/B077K8JVW4/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_0?th=1
 Exactly what I needed and expected for a fair price. So much easier than fighting back to school crowds!
 Sure, these are cheap, but man, these should not even be called cards.<br/><br/>I should've read the reviews, but these "cards" are as thing as regular printing paper. So thing that a marker will bleed right through.
 I’m in medical terminology so flash cards are my friend. I’m only on chapter 8 and have already gone through almost 500 index cards. I’m pretty much a professional on index cards at this point. These are definitely heavier than office store brands and the off-brands and big box stores. They’re a good weight because they’re not flimsy but they’re not super thick to jam up my printer.
 These flash cards seem to be a slightly better quality than the ones I used to buy at local stores.  And they are a good price.  I love the convenience of having them delivered to my door (as a grad student, I don't have a lot of time to go to the store).  I already went through my first pack and ordered three more packs.
 A little on the flimsy side for an index card, but cheap enough that this is no surprise. Despite being more paper-like than card-like, they play surprisingly well with fountain pens; no bleeding or feathering unless you REALLY glop it on. They're not amazing but get the job done. It's called Amazon "Basics" for a reason.
 Quality to cost consideration is high for this product. Too many cards are too pricey for what they are used for generally, which is a very disposable note taking device or a one and done school project. Thanks for making these more affordable yet still durable.
 Perfect for the price. These are amazing index cards for such a cheap price. I am using them for bible memorization and they work great no matter what pen type I am using. I don't believe I will ever be able to use all of them because it literally comes with stacks and stacks of index cards!
 Thin cheap paper. Not recommended. Feel ripped off.
 Most amazing index cards ever produced ever!!!!! Well, actually they are just regular index cards. But for a second I did have you interest peaked. What can you really say about index cards?  Index. Cards.
 These index cards and wonderfully thick and heavy. Lately all I can find in the stores are the thin cards. I purchased two packs so far and I know I'll be back for more...
 So nice to be able to buy heavy stock 3x5 cards. The ones in the stores have become cheap and flimsy over the years. These cards are durable, and well worth the price.
 VERY thin. Twice as thin and twice the price as Dollar General index cards. So thin that marker bleeds through to whatever's behind them and you can't write on both sides.
 it's grouped with the 1 and 3 pack heavy weight notecards, BUT THESE are not heavy weight. Yes, it does seem inconsequential, but I use these for calligraphy and bleeding ink ruins the entire thing
 Index cards don't seem as sturdy as they used to, but they're still stiffer than using paper.<br/>I don't know why, but I always think it's fun to write on them.<br/>Make mini books.<br/>Make mini recipe books.<br/>They go through some printers, too.
 These cards are noticeably thinner/lighter than regular index cards.  They are ok to use, but they definitely stick out from my other stacks of index cards.  I find them harder to use when flipping through the stack as flash cards.  I bought these in bulk because I need so many and wanted the great deal, but overall a disappointment.
 You get a lot of cards but the quality is cheap. They are a little 2 light, it makes them semi transparent which can affect if you using them to study. They are not much thicker then 2 sheets of paper.
 Do not believe the description of these cards as heavy-weight 114lb cardstock. 100 of these weigh 114 grams, while 114 grams will only get you 76 of 'ordinary' 3 x 5  Mead cards.
 I bought it for nursing school because of the price, but be aware that the quality is bad, bad. The paper is so cheap, and you can see through it. I would not recommend this to parents with young children because they would know what it is on the back of the card. For college students this is a cheap option if you don't care about quality.
 Studying for a cert exam, I ran out of cards. So when I got these from amazon I had the others from Walgreens to compare them to while I studied. These are thinner. But they got the job done.
 Nice! These are actually heavy weight. It seems like most of the index cards you can buy at the store are really index papers; they're so flimsy that they don't retain a shape. These definitely do!
 These "cards" are so thin that they are best described as "small pieces of lined paper."  Half the package (500 "cards") is barely thicker than a single ream of copier paper.
 We bought these are a great price. They are very white and very sturdy, perfect for flash cards and notes.
 The single and triple pack are advertised as heavy card stock so I assumed the 10-pack would be as well but I was mistaken. The 10-pack is flimsy, just barely thicker than regular paper.
 First I gave a 1 star review cause my package wasn’t delivered even though Amazon told me it is. Turns out the postman made a mistake with house numbers.  I was happy to find that cards are exactly how I want them to be. They are thick enough and have lines to write on. Not sure how would it work with sharpie.
 3x5 inch index cards, 10 packs of 100 cards. The perfect deal for me - as I use them daily for my "To-Do" lists - perfect for the shirt or pants pocket.
 ok so these are only 3x5 cards but they are super thick and sturdy.  Nice to write on too.
 Great for students! I make a lot of study cards for school and these work great. They are a little cheaper and less study than the more expensive brands but they still do the job. Great price that can't be beat. Gear up for a semester or a year at school with these Amazon index cards in bulk.
 Nice timely delivery and as always the best part was I didn't have to go into a wal mart or staples........  : )  They are note cards.  What more can I say!
 Colors are nice, helps with studying and needing variety, but I did notice that most of the pens (except the black, red, and dark blue) would go in and out of using ink. It usually was not a smooth transition and I typically had to go over my writing a second or third time in order to read it clearly.
 These are about twice the thickness of a regular card.  I didn't know that is what I ordered, but I am very happy with them.  They are much sturdier and I recommend them.
 Great cards, great value. I'm not sure why anybody says they're too thin. I write with pencil and can't see through. I like how thin these are because I make about 200 a week and have to carry them around - something thicker would be too heavy. Unless you're really trying to look through (which defeats the purpose of testing yourself with these cards), you're completely fine.
 I keep these on my desk to write notes to myself. I prefer these sometimes over post it notes because post it notes just seem to be sticking all over everything. I have a tray for the little index cards and i just go through one not at a time till the box is done.
 These cards are very useful for all manner of notes, tags, etc. They hold typical ballpoint pen ink very well, and are not too flimsy.
 Best darn flash cards around. I wrote about a thousand flash cards for my National Boards Exam. These held up well. Not too bad for tree bits
 A little thiner than most notecards - more like a piece of paper. It works, but flimsier than most and sometimes ink bleeds through to the other side
 I use these over Post-Its now. I find it keeps my desk less cluttered. And I still use some Posties. But all Posties all over the place is ugly.
 Use these all the time for pocket notes. love their thickness, you will discard your thin 3x5's after using these.  BEST of CLASS.
 These are heavier duty than today's thin cards.  More like old-fashioned index cards used to be.
 I was worried that I was buying too many of these index cards at once and that my daughter would never use them.  However, she has certainly made use of them
 Good value. Thin cards are not good for sharpie markers; they bleed right though defeating the purpose of a flash card. With a regular pen they work fine though.
 They work, but they are a little thin. Definitely can't use a marker to write on them. Two photos are attached, one is held up to the light, the other is flat on a table.
 I buy one-two packs a year to get my students started for their research projects.  Great value.
 Its so convient being able to buy on line and find quality products at a reasonable price.
 Great price for the quantity. These are high quality and do not have bleed when writing on both sides with a pen. Will buy again if I ever run out.
 These flash cards do the job but are very thin, almost like regular copy paper.
 I absolutely loved these! They are not the sturdiest index cards I have ever owned, but still decent and worth the bargain. I am a college student that ordered the 10 packs of 100 in February and used up all of them by May. They are my go-to if I ever need more.
 These might be the flimsiest index cards ever. I was looking for high quality cards. These aren't those. They are little more than normal paper weight. Loads of bleed through. On the listing, if you purchase 100, it appears that they are labled heavy weight. If you purchase 1000, it appears that you receive a different product. Amazon, fix the listing. I won't be ordering these again.
 Am happy with these cards.  They are made in the U.S.A. which is great for jobs here.  They also are made partly of recycled paper.  I don't mind that they are thinnish, as I write on them with ink and can't see through.  I'm putting my French vocabulary words on them and file them in a plastic, portable file so can fit more cards in if they are lighter weight.<br/><br/>I bought the alphabetic dividers, so can file words by their first letter and then drill the A's, B's, C's etc. during commercials or breaks.  So, they are fine to this use.  The price is great, too!
 These are super thin. They work but trying to separate them is a bear!!
 They are fine if you’re not using permanent markers and anything that bleeds through paper easily.  These are pretty thin.  I usually like thick index cards but these get the job done if your just using regular pens.
 They're exactly the same as more expensive versions in every way.  Same stock, same lines.
 Excellent quality. These are thick cards that hold up well, unlike some office supply brands whose index cards are a light card stock
 Seem to be good quality and will serve their purpose to get me through Biochemistry and Statistics.
 Terrible, only slightly thcker than a sheet of notebook paper. Not sure why they call these "cards".
 one time order of flash cards, never will have to order any more again! I am pretty sure I have enough to last me through the next two years of college! These cards are thick and lined on one side, blank on the other.
 I mean -  they're exactly what I needed and they were the right price. No frills note cards. Thanks, Amazon!
 Good value for the money. The cards are strong, not flimsy like some I have purchased.
 Used these for my college course. Came just as shown and promptly on time. Gotta love flash cards!
 These are quality index cards, great deal!
 Not quite as thick as some, but great price
 These arrived quickly and were as expected.
 school is not over this year and getting supplies for next year
 Back to school shopping! Would buy again!
 Nice weight, but not exceedingly so from the plain old index cards you get for .50.
 Lined on one side, blank on the other.
 These are a great value! I was worried they were going to be thin, but they are normal index cards. Pretty standard at good price
 They definitely do the job well... I use these as flashcards when studying for my graduate degree tests. But, I must say you can find these cards half the price at Target. Should have gone there first.
 These index cards work beautifully as index cards!
 Arrived as advertised good quality
 Good value for bulk index cards used for schoolwork.
 Very usefulin office and study aid (flash cards).
 Great index cards and super cheap
 Despite having the iPhone, iPad etc., I am more successful making lists, studying for tests etc using index cards.  This is a large number for a good price.  What more can I say?
 Not as thick as I thought but they are not flimsy. Easy to store and handy to use.
 I use these daily at home. Thank you !
 I use these in my work and they are tuff and stand up to my abuse very good cards<br/><br/>R.Ketterer
 Good quality, as advertised.
 These are a steal! I am studying for a Praxis exam where I need to know A LOT of terms. These were put to good use and I still have some to spare. :-D
 Exactly what I was expecting. The cards are more than thick enough for even dark ink with a heavy hand. Way better than what I could find in stores.
 An index card is an index card. Good price
 Good sturdy ruled cards that I bought to make flash cards with.
 I know we live in a digital world and that is ok. But the truth is that, when I am talking or need to jot down an idea I don't grab my mobile or tablet. I look for paper and I have found that index cards are the perfect size for capturing ideas whether out and about or sitting at my desk. I like purchasing the white ones jotting down several ideas of a theme and then stapling them to color paper to help me in focusing.
 Thinner than expected
 very sturdy. perfect.
 just the right size
 I use index cards all the time. These are just as good as any of the others I bought at the office supplies or the drug stores. The best part is there a fraction of the cost
 Could be a little heavier, but I heavier cardstock is hard to find these days it seems.
 It's thin compared to brand name index cards. The texture is also a bit rough, you can tell its made from recycled paper. It's sufficient for my needs.
 Decided to break down and write out some recipes lately, these are perfect, I believe these are better than the stores offer, my ink pens dont stop writing on them.
 It is note cards
 As advertised
 Surprised that file cards were requested for back to school supplies. These are basic with ok price.
 Inexpensive filler item. Perfect for handwritten notes around the house.
 they are index cards
 Index cards. Plain and simple. Does the job!
 WORKS FINE
 Nice, heavy card stock which is what we wanted for my son's project.
 Absorbs ink... Use pencil or a cheap ballpoint
 Great price, fine quality.
 Ok
 yay
 Perfect for school.
 work well.
 What a deal. Lots and lots of 3X5 cards. I love 3X5 cards. So many uses, and at this price, I'm sure I'll come up with a few more...
 Great for studying and a good price
 solid cards at a great value!
 Very nice notecards. Work perfectly for college.
 Sturdy cards at a good price
 As expected. Thank you
 Thinner than I expected compared to a normal index card.
 It’s flashcards. They did the job
 Great price and there's more than I know what to do with. These have lasted me 5 school semesters so far and still about 100 left
 its paper does its job
 They work as expected but are a little on the the thin side
 Item was included in faculty goodie bags. They loved them.
 Bought these for flash cards.  Work as expected.
 Great product &amp; quality.  Price was unbeatable
 Index cards!
 These are flimsier/thinner than I was expecting, almost like a thick paper instead of the regular card stock you expect from a standard index card.
 its paper
 ok
 As expected
 Can't beat this deal, and the cards were not too thin.
 Meets expectations.
 I mean, they're index cards. The 5 stars is because I was able to buy 1k note cards without leaving my house.
 The cards aren't cardstock-thick, but you get what you pay for.  I read the reviews ahead of time and am happy with what I received.  They're not paper-thin, and are great if you need a large quantity of paper a 3x5 size.
 Work great .
 As expected
 These cards are good quality and do not have a lot of extra packaging waste.
 Great item.
 Too expensive for a such poor quality
 great for studying. not too thin or thick.
 Nice index card, will order again when needed.
 I mean how can you mess up index cards LOL
 Great products
 Feel slightly slightly thinner than the normal index card. Not that big of a deal though.
 Same as any other I've used but being from Amazon makes it cheaper, so it worked out great.
 This is exactly what I wanted. The quality of papers is excellent as well.
 They work well. They are not flimsy but you can rip them easily so no harsh treatment. I am satisfied with the,
 These are bad. I can't believe I'm writing a review for index cards, but wow. They're basically regular printer paper cut into 3x5, SUPER flimsy, and now I have a thousand of them.
 as expected
 They are index cards... lol
 Excellent. They are exactly what one should expect form note cards
 Very thin!
 Good quality cards, but stop raising the price!!!  I bought for $9 last week and $10.50 this week.  Come on!
 Price much better here than in stores !
 a little thin, Sharpie bleeds throuugh
 very thin
 Inexpensive and do the trick!
 This is a great buy! Thank you.
 just what we needed at an affordable cost. my coworker uses these to gather his thoughts and it has been great for him.
 My daughter doesnt make me go to every staples stores in town to find index cards during exam seasons
 Much too thin. Should have spent an extra few dollars and got the ones I usually get.
 As advertised it’s exactly how it looks
 Every college student should choose this order. You could almost go all four or five years with the amount of quality cards in each pack!
 These are always great. However, these are more like paper than cards which I don't prefer. But nethertheless they still do the job
 Thinner and more flimsy than other index card brands.
 Just what I wanted!
 Very thin! Heads up!
 The cards are exactly what I hoped for -- simple, sturdy and at a good price. I use them to study for a medical review course.
 basic notecards
 My batch of index cards had thick and hard cards on which you can write with practically any pen.
 For back to school give away at church.
 Reasonable for the price.  Below standard thickness.  Worth the price.
 As expected. No issues.
 Smooth Purchase!
 great for study
 good quality paper
 Exactly as you would expect them to be.
 These are index cards.
 Notecards. Yeah.
 Does the job, nothing to complain about.
 great price
 A little thin,  but that is really not a problem.  good value vs staples etc.
 Good quality - good price
 good price for this item.
 They're flash cards, not much to say. But hey, it was a decent price and there wasn't anything wrong with them, so 5 stars!
 Great buy. Worth every penny.
 very thin paper
 Lots of cards for a lot cheaper than Target.
 A little thinner than index cards I have purchased before but still very nice and I will be using them.
 Great quality. Nice and thick.
 I guess you get what you paid for. These note "cards" are just cards printed on thick-ish paper and cut out. If you don't mind the cheapness then go for it; but I don't think they are good for long lasting, which is what I needed them for.
 Thank you
 Fantastic index cards!
 GOOD
 Not durable enough for flashcards for studying
 Item as described.
 As expected, just as described.
 Delivered on time and an excellent price for a useful product for school!
 Good price but thin paper, if it dosent bother you these may be the cheapest index cards but not as strong as you may want
 works well, but don't use sharpie markers they leak through.
 No complaints. Wrapped in cellophane and came sooner than expected. Would buy again
 handy for so many things but especially for my scenes in my screenplay.
 Good buy.
 Good quality cards and perfect sizes for studying. Will buy from Amazon again if I need more school supplies.
 Great price and very good value
 I use them to catalog ballistics on hand loaded ammo for accuracy
 Great buy!!!! What else can I say. Price was perfect.
 as described
 The cards themselves are pretty thin, but for this quantity and price, it's a given. I bought it to make my own flashcards for studying purposes and it works fine for that.
 High-quality index cards. The price is same with other offline stores, and you can even order and receive it easily with prime membership. Good.
 Perfect index cards
 I can write stuff on it. Get's the job done.
 Little expensive, but worth it if you don't have a walmart nearby to pick something like this up.
 good buy
 As advertised
 ]
 They do the job with no fuss!
 These are typical index cards at a very good price. Love Amazon Basics!
 Great for AP Human Geography vocab wrods.
 great quality
 Great price ! Good for study
 just as thick as advertised! might actually be /too/ thick. but they're good index cards.
 great index cards for light duty.  I needed a thicker paper for constant use.
 Product matches description.  As a college student you can never have enough index cards.
 Awesome, thanks
 No problem.
 Good product for the price
 These index cards are very thin with no holes.
 GOOD
 Needed a lot of index cards in a hurry.
 Very Nice Price! Does the job.
 Good package and quantity for price
 Cheap and lots of them! :)
 A+
 What can I say, there index cards.Great price.
 Absolutely a basic. These are incredibly thin index cards, which you can read pen ink from the other side through. I couldn't imagine the bleed if I used felt pens.
 ]
 Great for school
 Does what it needs to. Regular index cards
 Great quality and even better price!
 Perfect
 Great cards.These flash cards do the job but are very thin, almost like regular copy paper.
 Heavy weight, perfect for what I need them for.
 These papers are somewhat flimsy and thin. Highlighters will bleed through.
 Ordered these for our United Way "Stuff the Bus"  event.  Great quality for students headed back to school.
 Cards are a bit thin so markers bleed through.
 When the goods are received, the bag is empty.
 Awesome
 Very thin, not like regular index cards a little thicker than a sheet of paper.
 Good as expected?
 Good quality.  I am probably covered on notecards for the rest of Grad School.
 Good quality
 I Ordered 2 but only 1 showed up here but the order came on time
 Great product, great seller
 little thinner than the brand index cards but works just fine
 As expected.
 It was exactly what you'd expect!
 good quality. fast shipping
 Flimsy--so thin only one side is usable due to bleed through.
 We go through a crazy amount of index cards every school year. This was a great deal.
 Really the only way to buy index cards if you're a student. It's always good to have a stockpile of index cards.
 Did the job
 Just what the kid needed.
 Very heavy and good quality
 affordable for school!
 Thick and great quality for that price
 As described.
 Bunch of note cards for studying. Works for me.
 I need some Index cards got what i was looking for.
 Great note cards for activities for my students.
 Good brand. Great price.
 Love it
 Cards are fine.  Price jumped 20% between Dec. 2016 and Jan. 2017.  Disappointing.
 Overall great index cards at a good price!
 Cool stuff
 Good price
 Well they are index cards, not sure how you could mess that up :)
 Exactly as expected and needed.
 These are not made from card stock. I've held tissues thicker than these. Waste of money.
 The paper used for these note cards would qualify as slightly stiff for paper, but very flimsy for card stock..too flimsy for many of the uses that 3x5 note cars see. These measure about .007"-.008", which would qualify them as 7 or 8pt material. The description stated 11pt, so these fall short badly. The good news is that, just like any time we have had a problem with a product purchased through Amazon, they immediately took care of the problem, refunding our purchase. That kind of service is why we don't mind purchasing online when it is with Amazon. I like how they handle problems, which means more to me than perfect merchandise as mistakes can always happen.
 Great!
 These Flashcards have a very nice bright white color. I used them for school so I like that one side is blank and the other has lines when studying. I like to write material out because research and personal experience shows that this aids in remembering material. The package of  10 packs will last me a couple of years and I was able to give a few packs out to other school mates as a nice gift for starting a new semester.
 Once I opened the individual packages, I found that not all of the cards were ruled.  Very disappointing, and I'm sure it's too late for a refund or exchange.
 Right product wrong size , This was my mistake for not making sure I order the right size.
 disappointed there are not ruled on both sides. They are pretty flimsy to.
 Thank you
 Great value
 School supplies
 I bought some AmazonBasics index cards a few weeks ago and they were really thin (AmazonBasics Ruled Index Cards - 3x5 Inches (10 Packs of 100). I did not recall index cards being paper thin. Well, in a apparent bid to save costs, there are now two types of index cards -- thick and thin. Note Amazon seems to be mixing card types in a single product page; I'm currently reviewing the "AmazonBasics Heavy Weight Ruled Index Cards, White, 3x5-Inch, 300-Count". Be careful what you order.<br/><br/>It might depend on your specific project, but in my case, I was looking to make flashcards. The thicker ones, a.k.a. AmazonBasics Heavy Weight Ruled Index Cards, feel much better in my hands. Thinner index cards tend to have line bleed on the blank side and it's also easier to read through them. For flashcards, that's a no-no. The slightly more heft is just nicer overall and you do pay a price premium for it.<br/><br/>Otherwise, these came neatly packed, and the line side has "college" rule blue lines with a single red line at the top. The cards are made in the USA and are reasonably priced.<br/><br/>Lesson learned: make sure to check the "thickness" or paper "weight" before buying index cards again.
 Great basic ruled index cards from AmazonBasics.  They are cheap and reliable and in the 100 and 300 count come in heavier 114 lb paper.  She Who Must Be Obeyed uses them to put grocery lists and recipes on (She found out long ago that I'm much more likely to hang onto a card that fits in my front shirt pocket than a paper list I have to fold and fool with).<br/><br/>These are not expensive and do the job perfectly.  She uses fine point permanent markers to make the lists and it doesn't bleed through (though you should be aware that the 1000 pack is a lighter card stock and won't be as heavy as the 100 or 300 packages - but is a great money saver if you run through a lot of them and don't care about the thickness for your applications).<br/><br/>One note I want to pass along is that these are made in the USA...getting harder and harder to find products made at home.<br/><br/>AmazonBasics makes good products at very competitive prices (think Walmart here) and you get the Amazon handling and return policy if you should have any problems.<br/><br/>I like to save money and She Who Must Be Obeyed loves me for it!!<br/><br/>Five Stars
 AMAZONBASICS HEAVY WEIGHT RULED INDEX CARDS<br/><br/>These index cards are super nice -- strong, sturdy, heavy weight.  They are white and ruled -- a red line defines the top of the card and then there are 10 blue lines.  These cards measure 3x5 inches and you will receive 300 cards.  There are three packs of 100 which is very convenient.<br/><br/>When I was a little girl, all the moms used index cards for their recipes.  So did I when I grew up!  I can remember writing down recipes to pass along to friends and family on index cards.  And then, of course, everyone had the cute, cool, and nifty recipe holder boxes.<br/><br/>These index cards can be used for so many things -- recipes, note taking, addresses, shopping lists, flash cards, the uses are simply endless.  These index cards will hold up well too -- they really are sturdy.  And they are made in the USA!<br/><br/>Everyone can use index cards for any number of reasons.  These are high quality and priced right.
 In pre-smartphone, laptop, tablet days, I used index cards to keep track of everything. My briefcase was filled with stacks of the cards with rubber bands around them. I used them for sales records, client information, to-do lists and everything I didn’t want to commit to memory (and there were very few things I trusted my memory for when money was at stake).<br/><br/>After retirement, I use them for the constant notes I’m making about ideas for things I’m building in my workshop and things I need to keep track of. I have a smartphone and multiple tablets and laptops, but the cards in my shirt pocket are handier, don’t need to be charged and contain more info at a glance in one hand while I’m holding parts together with my other hand.<br/><br/>This brand is as good as any I’ve used. The lines are distinct without being too dark and the backs are blank for drawing on. Try these for things and you might be surprised how handy these low tech items are even today.
 These are NOT "Heavy Weight Index Cards." I realized  when they arrived that they are useless for my purposes, and I put them in the bag for things that go to Goodwill. I wasn't planning to write a review, because I'm short of time. However when I see that Amazon has labeled these ridiculous pieces of paper as “Heavy Weight Index Cards” that gets me angry enough to sit down and share my thoughts.<br/><br/>Amazon, I really need index cards!!!  I am willing to pay extra for real index cards!!!  I cannot use 3 x 5 nicely printed pieces of paper!!!<br/><br/>I am surprised and dismayed to realize that such a standard item, something I rely on, can just disappear from the supply chain.<br/><br/>If I’d read a few of the negative reviews on this item, I would have realized Amazon is just selling 3 x 5 pieces of paper and I wouldn't have placed my order.  However, since I was in a hurry, and the headline said "Heavy Weight Index Cards," I expected to get something that would be usable as an index card. Silly me!<br/><br/>I see that one of the other reviews praises Mead index cards, and I will give them a try.
 It's the standard size 3 x 5 card. The stock is heavy - 114 lb. paper. That's heavier than cover sheet paper would be, for example. They're the kind of white I remember from when I was a school kid, not high gloss but instead the old fashioned index card white.<br/><br/>We use index cards extensively at home because we have school kids and also we have index card holders for this size. They're great for studying, maintaining information about various items.<br/><br/>These are ruled on one side, they're versatile. I find it easier to keep written notes on index cards than on various other papers. It's neater when I do it that way. These are fine index cards.
 I like using index cards for making notes whether for different projects or properties that I'm analyzing or as I try to develop characters for a story that I'm writing. I relied heavily on index cards when I reviewed for the NY Bar and have gotten a bit picky with my index cards. While other reviewers have complained of the sturdiness and thickness of the card stock, I find that these are reasonably sturdy for my purposes.  I keep them on hand or in my bag and probably carry the cards around for 3 weeks.  You might be able to get cheaper when they're on special at Staples, but these work well for their price and purpose.
 I like these cards for the following reasons. They do not bleed Magic Marker ink through to the other side. You can see a slight shadow if you bear down or apply layers of ink. But, not objectionable. Fountain pen ink does not bleed at all. The cards measure .010 or ten thousandths of an inch thick. Quality printer paper, by comparison, measures .004 or less. The cards are stiff enough for use as a card file.  The cards also accept multiple erasures without much surface wear. Durable and useful and much better than some of the thin and lower quality index cards that I have purchased in stores over the last few years.
 This is an excellent ruled index cards. I have two kids in school and have found index cards in general to be a very effective tool. As an example, States and capitals are a perfect candidate for index card based learning. So is elements and symbols etc. If my kid knows a specific state and associated capitals, it goes to a separate pile . I keep doing it until there is only one pile with all states and capitals are known. To make it more effective use colored pens. You get the idea. Equally important and effective is the use of index cards in year end presentation.  I would have preferred the cards to have a hole punch. The bundle is packed well, so you can always store it for future use.<br/><br/>Now these cards are of very good quality.and a pack of ten is perfect to make the school learning experience faster and better.
 I am giving these three starts.  I don't think they're the same quality paper as a name brand, but they'll do for school projects or recipes.  They had a "thirsty" texture for Sharpies, with a kind of rough texture for writing, in my humble opinion.  They seemed to be thinner than name brand, too.  Kind of like the difference between buying nice tp and cheaper, rougher stuff.  Hope this helps you decide!  They worked well for our uses, though.
 Index cards aren't a glamorous product, but they are a very handy thing to have in the kitchen, home office and even the horse barn. These are the usual stiff, white, cardboard with lines  and can be used as recipe cards as well as note cards for any number of reasons.<br/><br/> I have them out at the horse barn with feeding instructions for each horse on one card. These can easily be swapped out as things change and can be paper clipped to the front of the horse's folder or attached to the white board with notices as needed.
 These are good index cards. The cards have a good weight and stiffness. Ballpoint pen writing does not bleed through. Writing with a Sharpie is slightly visible from the other side, but it does not smear on the front of the card. The 3 pack includes 3 packs of 100 cards, each pack individually plastic wrapped. Made in the USA.
 These are standard heavyweight index cards, not the really thin and cheap ones you find at the dollar store. They are lined on one side. I use them to practice my Italian vocabulary words. They really help! When I was in school I always used flashcards, for everything from learning my multiplication tables to medical terminology in college. Index cards are great to help you learn, and these are a great price and quality cards.
 I use these in my workshop to jot down quick sketches and dimensions for projects. They are rigid enough to survive, but not so rigid that they can't bend a little and easily fit in my back pocket for a trip to the hardware store. At three-cents per card it's a very inexpensive way to quickly move around some information. I could see these being perfect for students as well when studying for exams. Decent quality, great price, works with your favorite writing utensil.
 I use index cards all the time, both as flashcards and as aids for organizing information for my students and for my personal notes and to-do lists. These AmazonBasics cards do the job, but aren't intended for heavy use, they're pretty lightweight despite the description.  They aren't even especially cheap.<br/><br/>For single or occasional use they're fine, but for heavy use as in a stickler file, look for something more durable.
 These are simple index cards. This is a 3 pack of 3x5  cards (100 per pack.) These cards can be used for just about anything. Recommended for students and teachers. I am currently teaching my granddaughter multiplecation and Spanish. I write the word or problem on one side and the Spanish version or answer on the other. They are working out pretty well and they fit into her hands so they are easy for her to use and practice with.
 I like Amazon Basics brand; I like the packaging, and the logo on the products.<br/><br/>Index cards are a really important tool to have in the pocket to be able to write down an insight when it happens to come;  or an observation.<br/><br/>Also good to hand out information that someone asks you that may not be on a business card.<br/><br/>These are nice index cards of good quality and I will enjoy using them.
 Good, solid index cards from the Amazon Basics brand. Not too much to say about these cards except that the thickness is more standard than "heavy weight" in my opinion but still good enough for most uses. I got the 3 pack of 300 cards so it should last for quite some time as I only use index cards semi-regularly. Can't terribly wrong with this choice.
 What can you say, they are index cards. They are no better or worse than other index cards, but they are an okay price.<br/><br/>Problem is, Staples, Office Depot, and Wall Mart are probably right near your house, and are probably cheaper, and you can get them right now, which is typically when you need them (for that report your kid has to do that they forgot about until the day before...)
 I'm a writer and writing on index cards is my preferred method of organizing dramatic events (to organize into the proper order at a later date on my "Beautiful MInd Wall"). These have the standard lines with a red line at the top but if you want no lines simply use the back (I occasionally use the back side to draw sketches of scenes or make visual notes). These are very typical in weight and paper color and are a great price.
 These are definitely the frugal and good-quality choice for index cards.  They are thick enough for flashcards--they stay crisp and unbent in a middle school binder or folder.  And the lines are just dark enough to be helpful but not too dark to be a distraction.<br/><br/>All in all, a very very good deal.  For someone like me, who writes for a living, I find these very helpful.
 My wife is a middle school teacher, and she loves these. They are truly heavy-weight, high-quality, with precise lines. My wife has purchased budget cards that were flimsy with jagged, runny lines. The card stock is true to form. My wife's students use these as flash cards. For teachers and students alike, these cards are authentic to the name index cards. Highly recommended.
 These index cards are just fine. Nothing fancy, just regular index cards. Perfect for indexing, and possibly other uses as well. You get a pack of three individually wrapped stacks. Good thing it is only three, because if there were a few more than I would need to have created an index to find which pack to use first. Then I would have needed to order some index cards.
 For the times I need an index card, I find these to be great. This is a nice big bundle of them for a reasonable price.  Index cards are great for recording recipes, notes for speeches, and notes for others.  Also they are great to have around to pass out to the grandkids for them to draw on, with me then putting the completed artwork on the fridge.
 I don't know precisely when 'classic' 3 x 5 inch index cards gave way to their supersized 4 x 6 and 5 x 8 descendants.<br/>But for me 3 x 5 will always rule although it's been a long time since I needed to crib notes for a talk or test or manage my personal forerunner to a Rolodex inside those metal-lidded containers!<br/><br/>Long before Post-It's and white boards, pinning index cards to cork boards was the height of Presentation Chic. And old Mac fans won't have to be reminded what the 'card' in HyperCard was inspired by.<br/><br/>The red header line and blue rows are exactly as I remember them and the stock is just as thick.<br/><br/>Bottom Line: Admittedly, these days I'm more likely to cut these up 'business card-size' and use them for bookmarks.<br/>But then again, I just might whip out a handful at my next planning meeting and watch the jaws of my under-35 colleagues drop!
 Index cards are nice to have on hand - for making lists, flash cards, place-cards - all kinds of things. We go through them in this house, so this is a nice big set! These are nice quality index cards and are what you would expect them to be! They have a nice weight to them and aren't flimsy at all.
 Excellent note cards.<br/>Work with gel pens and colored highlighters.<br/>Not so great with colored fountain pens, there is bleed through.<br/>Thin markers no bleed through, calligraphy or brush markers have strong bleed through.<br/>Regular ball points and pencils no problem.<br/>Five stars.
 If you are looking for thin 3x5 inch index cards, you may like this set of 1000. You get ten 100-packs, each 100-pack sealed, and the whole thing sealed all together, with thin see-through wrappers. There is one piece of paper with the product details (about the size of the index card). One side of the card is ruled, while the back side is blank. The ruled side begins with a thicker red line, followed by ten thinner blue lines.<br/><br/>The index cards are on the thin side, so this is a trade-off to consider depending on your needs. If I write on both sides with a pen, it is readable on both sides, except when I put the index card between myself and the light, then both sides bleed together and you can't read it. But unless you are planning to literally read on top of a light bulb, this shouldn't be an issue.<br/><br/>If you write with a Sharpie, it is still readable but there is some bleed-through from the other side.<br/><br/>I measured them with a ruler, and they are exactly 3x5 inches. I weighed one 100pk sealed and unopened, it weighs 4.1oz. The wrapper is featherweight, it measures 0 oz on my scale (lowest it can measure is 0.1oz).
 These 3x5 cards come in handy for innumerable purposes, especially when they are blank on one side and lined on the other, as these are. These are classic 3x5 note cards, just like you could find in any office supply store. They are of excellent quality, and it is very convenient to order them online.
 The deeper question here is how do you actually write a review for index cards.  THEY ARE INDEX CARDS!  They are thicker, smaller pieces of paper with lines on them.  They are perfect.  They work great for note taking or for flash cards.  I would highly recommend buying these if you need index cards.
 These are far from good quality index cards but for me they filled the bill. I use these things to prepare for lectures by memorizing important quotes and dates. I'll keep a few in my pocket or tote and look through them when I have time to review. I usually use a dark ink, colored gel pen and sometimes a highlighter and it does show on the reverse of the card. Since they are only for my own personal needs, the flimsy quality is not a drawback.
 Good quality cards. The pack of 300 comes as three individually sealed packs of 100 each, which makes it easier to store. The card stock is thick and is lined.<br/><br/>Nothing earth-shattering, but there are few things as useful as the standard 3x5 card when it comes to organizing things.
 These are good, basic 3 x 5 cards. Even though these are labeled as heavy weight, I've had thicker ones. They aren't as stiff, either as some of the other cards. However, these are great for writing notes. The ink doesn't go through to the other side, even when I use gel pens.
 These come in a 3 pack. So each pack is individually wrapped so not all of these will get all over the place. Good thickness so ink doesn't show up on the other side of the card. One side has lines and the other being blank. Perfect for taking notes or leaving a note for someone.
 For some reason I'm an index card guy, not a post-it guy.<br/><br/>No index card gets 5 stars anymore because they're all a little thinner, about like an insert in a magazine... remember magazines? I'm sure this saves $15 per million cards. Still, they do the job, being the same 7 mil thickness as index cards you can get at Target or Walmart; so they're fine.<br/><br/>Think I'll skip photos or a video on this review.
 The AmazonBasics ruled index cards look and feel like what you normally get for your kid's school supplies. Perfect if you write with a pencil or standard pen... Every student's study companion, for the person who is obsessed with lists, or for the person who needs to categorize boxes... these index cards work.
 These index cards are just as described,<br/>The marks are clear and consistent, they are nice and thick.<br/>The paper's color is a good shade of white in my opinion.<br/>They are not stuck together, easy to separate and slide off each-other with some friction.
 These are quite thin. An index card is suppose to made from card stock, although many today seem to be pretty flimsy. I would characterize this as the thinnest or lowest grade cover stock (slightly heavier than copy paper). If you are only interested in the size and don't care about weight or thickness, these might be fine for you, but if you are looking for a heavier, true index card, I would keep looking.
 The 100 count and 300 count options are the 'heavy' stock, which is very nice. The 1000 count switches into the light stock, which, while still an index card, is floppy garbage. Of which I now have 1000. As opposed to the 1000 heavy stock that I was expecting.
 These index cards check all the boxes of things to look for in this product.  They are a substantial weight.  They are bright, clear white.  They are properly lined.  They are blank on the backs.  Should be a good choice for anyone needing index cards of this size.
 Sorry I opened the package...cards are onion paper thin, way too thin for repeated use as I had intended for my recipe box.  The card might survive 1-2 uses in my kitchen (I am a bit messy!), but beyond that, they are quite useless for repeated usage.  Therefore, they are relegated to a "one time use" such as a shopping list etc.
 Basic white notecards that are blank on one side and ruled on the other. I don't believe they are made from recycled materials of any sort if that kind of thing is important to you. They are a good thickness and pen/pencils write smoothly on the surface.
 Paper used is not as strong as Oxfords. It is usable but wears out super fast.
 Very good quality index cards.<br/><br/>Ruled lines would be better for my use -- my handwriting suffers and needs all the structure it can get -- five stars if you like the blank version.<br/><br/>Robert C. Ross<br/>January 2018
 Amazon Basics has been offering some really great products. These are your typical, very sturdy, ruled index cards. I use index cards  A LOT. I'm a fulltime nationally performing comic ventriloquist. I ALWAYS use index cards in my corporate or customized private party shows, jotting down a key word to help me remember a point. I also use them in rehearsals and often as  daily Things to Do note. These are VERY good compared to other index cards..as good or I think better. Where amazon needs to adjust it is to offer a three or four pack order at a big discount. Right now the office supply and discount stores offer these cards a bit cheaper than on the amazon version. On the other hand,with my schedule I really try to avoid making special trips to stores and order a lot of what I use (food, cosmetics, soap, etc) on Amazon. But a four or six pack at a significant discount would make this an even bigger winner.
 Amazon has become a fine supplier (manufacturer?) of basic school and office supplies. These are simple index cards - one side blank, one side lined - like I've used for decades. Why would I pay more for a different brand?
 Pretty decent index cards for the price. Not the most heavyweight but definitely thick enough for writing without bleeding through although the text will be visible through the card so only useful for writing on one side.
 These are your basic white index cards. We use them for flash cards, they work well. Nice weight to them, not too thin. Lined back is nice so you can have your definitions written straight if using as flash cards. Not much else to say about them.
 My kids go through index cards like potato chips, they can't use just one. I always have to have a ton on hand as they are at the age of writing research papers, studying for exams, vocab memorization, etc. These basic index cards are perfect for the job and the price is right too. I will probably order another after the first semester of school.
 I needed something heavier than normal<br/>Cards. While these were not quite as thick as I had wanted, they work well for crafts, recipes and more. These really seemed about the same as other recipe da Do.
 As a high school teacher, there are a hundred things I use index cards for so I like to keep lots on hands for everything from Flash cards to games. My students use them for lots of things too.  This pack will get me through the year and I won't have to run out last minute and get more anytime soon. This is the perfect set for my classes!
 These are basic index cards. Thick enough that they provide some stiffness but aren't too stiff. There are lines on one side and blank on the other one. There are tons in this pack for a great price.
 Pretty basic cards.  Nice to be able to buy them and all my back to school supplies off Amazon and get it delivered to my home instead of fighting the crowds at some big box store each August.
 These are great, basic index cards. Nothing special, just plain, ruled index cards. That's exactly what you wanted, wasn't it? You don't need fancy. Perfect for use as recipe cards, homemade flash cards, taking notes, whatever.
 I sometimes teach children's yoga and I find it easier to have a class plan outlined on the index card.  This can be particularly helpful when I teach multiple classes in a single day.  Helps me focus and I can quickly remind myself of the lesson plan.  Sometimes I write up sequence, sometimes, I write up the theme of the class, sometimes it is just a quote I wish to share with my students during the meditation.  One can "recycle" the index card over time.  It eventually becomes a time saver and for me time to prepare for the class is greatly reduced.<br/><br/>I also like to use these cards as a book mark when I read books.  It helps me use the index card to write down part of the book or a quote I can use later.  These cards I store in my journal.
 Work just fine. Standard 3x5 cards with the usual line pattern. Sturdy and thick, and take ink well--not even my fountain pen ink bleeds or feathers. For the price, a good deal.
 These are high quality index cards with a million uses. They don't break down. They aren't addictive. You don't have to set parameters with your children limiting frequency of use.
 These really are thicker than average note cards, for whatever purpose arises in one's home. One always needs a few on the spur of the moment, and these will meet those needs.
 These Amazon Basics index cards are 3" x 5" with 1/4" space between each ruling line. The cards are blank on the opposite side (not ruled on both sides).<br/><br/>The paper quality is on the thin side, these are not particularly stiff cards. The paper quality is more than sufficient for making flash cards, writing speaking notes, or recipe cards.<br/><br/>These are good back to school bulk supplies for foreign language classes, which require a lot of vocabulary work.
 This package comes with 3 smaller packages, sealed with clear plastic. These are great!!! Best for studying and making flashcards. Strong construction, best quality.
 These are great cards for studying and do a decent job of not letting color bleed through, as long as you write reasonably quickly. Good size package and nice quality!
 Giant stack of 300 3x5 notecards.  Comes in 3 packs of 100, not much else to say, they aren't super thick, but great for note cards, flash cards, craft projects, etc.
 These ruled index cards are useful for whatever purpose anyone needs. I like them for shopping lists and reminders. In the name of the cards and on the product page, the descriptions say heavy weight. In my opinion they seem to be lighter weight than the old yellow ones I've been using. It may be good that they are lighter because they seem to consume less space in the card holder. If someone uses them for speech notes, the cards will take up less space in a pocket.
 While a great deal for the amount of cards, for someone who carries their index cards around to study, I cannot recommend this product. These cards are much thinner than standard index cards, bend easier, wear out quickly. If you don't to constantly replace index cards, do not buy this product.<br/><br/>The reason for the two star rating though, mainly rests in how every ink I've used bleeds through these cards, rendering them useless. They are too thin to properly function as index cards. I suppose penciling in the cards would work, but that would create another set of problems.
 Sturdier Than Most<br/><br/>I'm a teacher who uses these cards for homemade flash cards which I laminate and memory rings of numbers and alphabet letters. They hold up well.
 These are high quality index cards. I'm using mine presently for a writing project and couldn't be happier with them (unless of course they could do some of the research for me).
 Exactly as expected. This is a large pack of standard lined note cards. They a nice thickness and perfect for my sons projects at school.
 Like all Amazon Basics products...they are very good, and a great value<br/>I hope they keep expanding there product line...
 Great standard index cards. Heavy weight. Nothing flimsy or cheap about them. Comes in three packs of a hundred each. Great deal.
 As other reviewers have said, these are kind of thin, but....do you really need top-quality paper for your index card?
 Great stock, good price for the number and quality. They're a good buy, and I'd get them, again.
 I use a lot of index cards on a weekly basis.  They are my favored method to take notes and make lists.  This new card by Amazon Basics is just as great as other name brand index cards of the same size.  The card stock is an effective thickness, they are pleasant to write upon and the reverse is blank so you can use them as you need them.  The top line is red, just as they are in name brand varieties.  Most of the Amazon Basics items we've tried over the last few years have been great and I wouldn't hesitate to buy more of these cards.
 In this digital age, many people think that such basic learning tools as 3x5 cards are becoming unnecessary but the reality is that there is still no better way to gather extraneous bits of information and manipulate it. In my career, I work with database and the maintenance and manipulation of data. In addition, I spend a lot of my free time doing genealogical research and I still I still find myself jotting down miscellaneous pieces of information until I figure out where they fit.
 The real deal. 3x5-Inch and thick. Made in the USA.
 I buy index cards often - in fact, I've bought them for years and years. It's my preferred method of jotting down notes, ideas, bullet point listings etc...I can toss them away later or keep on file. These are pretty standard - and like most index cards, comes down to price. Since I typically purchase in packs of ten, the price of this leaves a lot to be desired. Hopefully Amazon will create multi-packs in a more affordable option. Good cards, not so good price at this point.
 Basic index cards sized 3 x 5. Great for school notes. It's a 10 pack of 100 cards each pack. Lined with blue lines. As good as name brand cards quality wise.
 The AmazonBasics ruled index cards look and feel like the real thing :) I've only ever used index cards as study aids and these are fine for that purpose. If you use a dark marker, like a Sharpie, you can see through them from the other side, so I'd suggest using something lighter if that's an issue.
 Great index cards. Perfect for when you need to study flash cards on vocabulary or etc.
 Exactly what I need at a great price. Packs of 100 cards are easy to store until needed.
 Lots of cards for your money
 works well
 Just as expected!
 Index cards, what else is there to say. They work
 Taking one star away as it is little thin. But worked great for me as used pencil. Have not tried pen, not sure how it will work with pen as bit thin paper
 Definitely not heavyweight like the name says. Super thin. Easily bendable. If i would've known they were like this, i would've gone for a different brand.
 The price is right and the quality too!
 they're pretty much exactly what they say they are, so yeah I'm happy!
 I am a huge fan of the AmazonBasic items. Their school supplies are just the same as the regular name brands, for a better price, and shipped to my doorstep.
 These 3x5 ruled index cards are exactly what you'd think they are - 3x5 cards.
 They Worked good for a week or two it's a shame cause they are nice looking cables but they actually suck don't buy!!